0 0 0 0 5 7 0 0 6 5 0 Ö A0 9 6 0 4 0 1 5

Tuesday, A pril 2, 1996

S o u t h e r n I l l in o is U n iv e r s it y

at

E d w a r d s v il

bq J[Vio ö 3TY
(2 )

archTNES
. ni~

w

e a t h e r

Tues: Partly sunny, 64/48°
Wed: Showers, 66/42°
Thurs: Partly sunny, 54/36°

Alestle

Bai . c o * Y
C A tJ s e e ALU
to t h e V

rnoM THE
TH E

e f's e c n e ^

ALTON, E A S T ST. LOUI S & EDWARDSVI LLE

A Quick
Look Inside
3 / Editorial

Governm ent should
start taking care of
economics— A N D
Jennifer Casey
defends the Comics
page.
7 / Vital Knowledge
8 / Entertainment

Disney’s classic
‘Oliver and
Com pany’ reviewed
—A N D D anette
W att’s weekly
family column—
ALSO Jennifer
Casey takes a look
at life’s little
lessons— PLUS
Fragile Porcelian
Mice CD reviewed.
1 0 / Sports

Kimmel Banquet honors leaders
By David Weil
News Reporter
On Thursday, March 28, SIUE and
the Belleville News D em ocrat co­
sponsored the Seventh Annual Kimmel
Leadership Awards B anquet to
recognize community leadership and
service. Seven Kimmel Com m unity
Service Awards were presented, as well
as one Kimmel Scholarship Award.
“Southern Illinois U niversity at
Edw ardsville, through the Student
Leadership Development Program, has
taken a leadership role to prepare our
graduates for a life of com m itted
citizenship and leadership,” SIUE Vice
Chancellor for Student Affairs
Narbeth Emmanuel said in his opening
statements.
Em manuel then introduced SIUE
Chancellor Nancy Belck who praised
the recipients for their hard work and
Jeremy Paschall/A/esf/e
dedication.
The 1996 Kimmel Leadership Award Recipients stand with SIUE dignitaries. From left
The next speaker was Joe Cipfl, to right: Edna Mayes, Nancy Huebner, W innie Rezabeck, Carol Kimmel, Helen
president of Belleville A rea College. Delicate, Narbeth Emmanuel, Sean Pohl, Nancy Belck, Frank Duke of the Belleville
please see KIMMEL, page 6 News-Democrat, Kimberly Affolter, Timothy Greenfield and E. Leroy Tinnea.

Hobson's modified Gerontology program
sponsors event at SIUE
motion voted down
by student senate
t

By Ty Norris
News Reporter

By Jennifer Casey
Assistant Lifestyle Editor

Baseball goes 1-3
over the w eekend—
A N D softball takes
third at Wanye St.
Invitational—PLUS
tennis loses three
over the weekend.
11 / Comics
1 2 / Classifieds

Five out of seven student senators present at the Friday,
March 29, senate meeting voted down a motion proposed by
senator Randy Hobson concerning the relationship between
director of student publications, editor in chief, and
Publications Board of the Alestle.
In a motion proposed on March 15, Hobson stated the
following:
“I move that the SIUE Student Senate send a
recom m endation to Chancellor Belck that the Student
Publications Fee be reduced by the exact amount of the
Director of Student Publication’s Annual Salary and stating
that we no longer feel a need for this position...in my opinion,
please see HOBSON, page 6

i n

b

r

i

e

Nursing Home Ombudsman Program is the next program
in the series of special colloquiums on the interdisciplinary
aspects of aging, to be presented April 3 by Southern Illinois
University at Edwardsville.
David L. Paulsmeyer, vice president of the United Way of
Greater St. Louis and a lecturer in the Gerontology (study of
aging) Program in S IU E ’s School of Education, is the
facilitator for the colloquia series. The lecture series is
sponsored by the Gerontology Program and the Illinois
Geriatric Education Center Network.
The SIU E G erontology Program is directed by Dr.
Anthony Traxler.
“O ur goal as a university program is to provide education
and training to students,” Traxler said.
“Through academic courses, public services, workshops and
conferences on aging, we will provide an educated,
professional work force to deal with aging citizens and their
families,” Traxler continued.
please see PROGRAM, page 4

f

Missing hunter found
Study outlines Pentagon waste Missouri hacker nabbed
3rd guard resigns amid sex Trading is going on-line
FBI agents arrested a charges
•
Three fishermen found •
The Council for a Livable •
•
Mutual fund trading soon
teen-age computer whiz from
a body Sunday morning
•
A third officer at Dwight will be available on two of the
World, an arms control
the St. Louis area on charges
Correctional Center resigned
floating in the Mississippi
advocacy group that has
that he electronically finagled
nation’s biggest computer on­
River near Foley in Lincoln sought reductions in defense
his way into the secret files of amid allegations of sexual
line services, officials said.
companies.
misconduct between male
County, about 60 miles spending, and Taxpayers for several large
America Online Inc., the
Christopher Schanot, 19, of workers and inmates at the
northwest of St. Louis. The
Common Sense cite examples High Ridge, Mo., was tracked
nation’s biggest on-line service,
women’s prison, a corrections
body was that of Stephen
of $29 billion in wasteful
down in the Philadelphia
and
CompuServe plan to offer
Mueling, 42, of St. Peters, programs in a report that was suburb of Broomall. He was official said. The Illinois
shareholders
of participating
Department of Corrections is
one
of
three
who
released yesterday, including being held in jail on an
fund
companies
an electronic
outstanding warrant from St. continuing its investigation
disappeared Dec. 3, leaving $2,187 a door hinge for the C- Louis for illegal computer
avenue to take care of their
into allegations regarding
only their boat behind.
17 airlifter.
activity.
accounts a different way.
three other employees.

Page

2

T h e

A l e s t l e

Around the World
State and Local
Children playing find man fatally shot
•
Children playing at the Cahokia Citizen’s Park heard a loud boom Sunday
afternoon, then found a Cahokia man dead of a gunshot wound to his head.
Larry D. Poppe, 26, of 235 St. Christopher was pronounced dead of a gunshot
wound to the right side of his head at 1:15 p.m., according to authorities. Police
are investigating the shooting, but suspect the man committed suicide. Funeral
arrangem ents are pending at Braun Colonial Funeral Home in Cahokia.

National--------------------------------------------------------------------------Group for missing children will close its doors
• O ne of the nation’s oldest missing-children organizations plans to cease
operations in San Francisco next m onth because of financial trouble. The
search for missing children has been eclipsed by the quest for funding, said
David Collins, president and co-founder of the Kevin Collins Foundation. It
will close May 1, he said. “Crisis is an operative term for both programs and
finances,” Collins said. “The foundation refused to continue on such term s.”

International_____________________________________
Separatist guerrillas begin 4-day strike
• Shops and businesses were shut Sunday in Srinagar—Jamm u and Kashmir
state’s sum m er capital—for a strike called by separatist guerrillas after police
killed 24 militants near K ashm ir’s holiest shrine. The four-day strike was called
by a faction of the Jam m u and Kashmir Liberation Front, the group to which
the militants belonged. Police used tear gas in several parts of Srinagar to
disperse Kashmiri Muslims who threw stones at passing security vehicles,
witnesses said. The militants were killed Saturday in a three-hour firefight after
guerrillas refused to surrender at their headquarters outside the Hazratbal
shrine compound.

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

Letters to the editor
policy:
Please submit letters
typewritten in 500
words or less. Please
include phone num ber
and signature.
We reserve the right
to edit letters to the
editor. Letters to the
editor will not be
printed anonymously
except under extrem e
circumstances.
The Alestle is a
m em ber of the Illinois
College Press
Association.
The name Alestle is
an acronym derived
from the names of the
three campus locations
of SIUE: A lton, East
St. Louis and
Edwardsville.
The Alestle is
published on Tuesdays
and Thursdays during
fall and spring
semesters, and on
Wednesdays during
summer semesters. For
m ore information, call
(618) 692-3528.

News
Editor-Brian Walsh
Assistant-Melanie Adams
Photo
Editor-Jeremy Paschall
Assistant-Vacant
Lifestyle
Editor-Darryl Howlett
Assistant-Jennifer Casey
Sports
Editor-Eli Savoie
Assistant-Todd Spann
Copy Editors
Chief-Lindsay Wright
Kerri Sorensen
Shawna Thomas
Production Assistant
Lesley Hunsche
Advertising Department
Sales Manager-Matt Larson
Todd Volz
Jeremy Reece
Quentin Fish
Circulation
vacant
Student Secretaries
Trudy Trover
Aimee Munoz
Editor in Chief
Roy Gilmore

The Alestle
Campus Box 1167
Edwardsville IL, 620261167

National Pan-Hellenic Council
presents

Greek Quake
The Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville Annual Greek Marchdown
featuring

DciriuS

M a g ic 1 0 8
SATimdAy, Apml 15, 1996

o r d as M . C .
Love as D .J .
VÂdAUbENE C enter

Dm ftp™AIter'Set Dance untìI 2:50 AMEv^6(PfWNS
AdW oGckETS

OOR
A W

. $

SlUE's Black Greek Organizations will be Performing

Advance Tickets- available at SIUE University Center Union Station, (618) 692-2320
For information call (618) 692-2686

editorial
Tuesday, April 2, 1996

T h e

A l e s t l e

Page

3

letter to the editor-

Government should restore economic security
At long last the economic insecurity and
vulnerability of the middle class, the working class
and the poor has made the agenda of our national
politicians. Unfortunately, Buchananite-xenophobic
protectionism is not the answer. The changes that
have occurred in our economy are world-wide. They
stem from structural changes in contem porary
capitalism’s structure. Put simply, the economy that
every living American has known has changed. It is
no longer the same beast.
Any economic policy that is proposed to deal with
the insecurities of the middle class must deal with
this fact up front. It is also crucial to note that these
changes are far from over. While Pat Buchanan
preaches the dangers of free trade, he has
overlooked the most dangerous trade-off of all...that
of human labor for machines. The rise of automation
has been the fuel behind the shift to leaner
corporations (which means less jobs) and the birth of
the information economy. This process has been
described by economist Jeremy Rifkin as the
systematic removal of hum an labor from the
production process. Global unemployment now
stands at its highest rate since the great depression.
Economists such as Rifkin believe these changes are
permanent and point out that the new jobs that are
created by new technologies are simply not keeping
up with the jobs that are replaced by those
technologies. In fact, these automated workers are
not called “labor saving devices” for no reason. And,
as workers are sliced off the companies’ payrolls, so
can be the managers who used to supervise them.
Thus, the rise of affluent unemployment.
Since 1973 the real incomes of most Americans
have been declining while the relative inequality of
the rich and the poor has markedly increased. The
“wage gap,” as it has been called, is increasingly on
the minds of the nation’s voters. The ReaganBush/southern Dem ocrat coalition succeeded in

slashing the social safety net for the less fortunate,
and the Gingrich-led forces seek to unravel it
completely. This has led to the highest rates of
poverty in our nation since the welfare programs
were passed in the mid 1960’s. No other nation on
Earth (that has a comparable amount of wealth to
our own) has such a high poverty rate. As a larger
and larger portion of the middle class begins to fall
victim to the new economy they will learn what it is
really like to be “playing without a net.”
I believe it should be the first priority of this
government to restore the economic security that
was the hall mark of the post-war American
experience. Further, with the onslaught of the
inform ation economy now upon us, a skilled,
educated and self-confident work force is crucial for
continued economic growth. Without it America will
continue to fall relative to our main competitors.
That is why I propose a guaranteed annual income of
$6,000 for every American to replace welfare and
Social Security. This would ensure a minimal level of
economic activity to guard against severe economic
downturns, as well as provide a minimal level of
economic security for all. This program would be
universal. It would eliminate the concerns of
conservatives about the illegitimacies of the welfare
system, as well as soothing the worries of liberals by
eliminating poverty. Further, the income provided by
this system would increase over the course of one’s
life so that extra security is provided to all
Americans when they retire. This would end the
current “crisis” in our Social Security system.
The guaranteed annual income would work as
follows: A t birth, each citizen would be paid $1,000
per year until the age of 18. At age of 18, the benefit
would increase to $6,000. At age 65, the amount of
$5,000 that was saved annually up until age 18 would
be paid to that person (adjusted for inflation) on top
of the annual $6,000 until death. Thus, for the

average lifespan (now 76 years), the retired person
would earn an annual income of over $13, 727. This
scheme would eliminate the possibilities of couples
having children simply to confiscate their annual
income benefits, while also protecting the elderly in
the years they may not be able to work at all.
This single measure would have the effect of
giving people the opportunity to be re-educated or
re-trained if they lose their jobs, or if they desire, the
chance to get a better job. Economists such as Rifkin
believe that eventually there will not be enough jobs
to go around for everyone. Full time employment
will no longer be a fact of life for all people. The
annual income takes the sting away from this
developm ent, while enabling our workforce to
become better equipped to compete in the
information age. Thus, the leaps and bound in
productivity growth we are seeing will cease to be a
curse and become a blessing. The automation of
mind-numbing and body-crunching tasks should be a
liberating development in the history of humankind.
Indeed, living standards should be increasing for all.
Paradoxically, these degrading tasks have become
the last refuge for those cut off from wealth
producing skills of the new economy. This proposal
would change all that.
Critics of this proposal might charge that such a
benefit would produce disincentive for undesirable
jobs. Let us hope so. Employers would then have the
option of either automating these tasks out of
existence, thus furthering the growth and efficiency
of our economy, or increasing the pay of the job, and
thus create a living wage where none existed before.
Either way, the sense of security for the average
American will be restored.
Michael W. Flota
President, Democratic Socialists of
America, SIUE Youth Chapter

letter to the editor.

Comics— Don't knock Generation
Ask
thanks
it until you've tried it
Once again, I must open my big
new work on the comics page to little avail.
yap and spew forth my opinion
People, if you want change, quit bitching
(Opinion being the operative
about it and do something!
word here).
So, to Kat, Sam, Rick, Jason, Chris,
As the person who is
David and Paul: thanks for keeping your
responsible for pasting up the
chins up and staying focused through all of
ever-so-criticized comics page, let
this. You really are appreciated, although not
me explain how the whole thing
nearly as much as you should be. Trust me, I
works.
know what it’s like to be cracked on. We
This paper is a student
weren’t kidding in the results of the “Best
publication. We try to include as
o f ’ issue when we said that most of the
Commentary
much student-generated work as
voters in the “Best Alestle W riter” category
possible. The people who
were for “Anyone except Jennifer Casey.”
By Jennifer Casey
contribute to our comics page are
Did I quit? Nope! And I’m not going to,
all students who just happen to
either.
enjoy drawing and feel confident
I’m not trying to be a bitch about this
enough with their work to faithfully hand it in to me
(imagine that). I’m just trying to make a point and that
twice a week. They’re not doing it for the big paycheck point is this: don’t knock it until you’ve tried it. “It”
either.
being putting your butt on the line week after week,
OK, so they’re not Charles Schultz (you know, the
not for money or fame or heaps of praise, but because
“Peanuts” guy), but damn if they’re not dedicated. A
you love what you’re doing.
lot of people would give up on something like this
after getting as much crap as these seven people have.
Everyone’s favorite Assistant
It’s not that the Alestle hasn’t tried to provide
Lifestyle Editor
readers with what they want. I’ve put countless ads for

Weil, Alestle

I am writing on behalf of the Speech 201
group Generation Ask featured in the March 26
edition of the Alestle.
When we spoke to office personnel about
our project at the residence hall, we never
imagined we’d be given front page coverage.
David Weil was one of the first to show up
and left with some really wonderful things to
say about our project. How nice to be
recognized for something we all enjoyed being
a part of.
Weil is to be commended for his time and
attitude toward this article. From those of us
who are a part of Generation Ask, we thank the
Alestle and David Weil. Job well done.
Amy Phillips
Student

Page

4

T h e

Tired of
throwing
your weight
around?

Am erican Heart
Associations
Fighting H eart Disease
and Stroke

Burglary from Motor Vehicle
On Mar. 22, at 12:30 p.m., police
apprehended two males who were
each charged with three counts of
burglary from a m otor vehicle. The
arrests came from investigations of
three car burglaries in the fan lots on
the morning of Mar. 22. A rrested are
C hristopher O ttensm eyer, 18, of
Edwardsville and Douglas Brewer,
22, of Collinsville. O ttensm eyer was
also arrested for resisting a peace
officer. Both arrestees were taken to
Madison County jail.

Exercise.

Looking for Storage?
TRI-COUNTY STORAGE
CAN HELP
Our units start at $21 / per month

Call us today!
P|

6 5 6 -3 4 2 7

©w
A

6463 Center Grove Road
Edwardsville, IL 62025

flZZLERS
.te Tanning Experience
"Dash in - Dazzle out"
Introducing

Cyber-Dome
World's First
High-Deflnltion Tanning System
It’s 3 Tanning Systems in One!________

SIUE STUDENT SPECIAL
Introductory Tan Offer

$3.00
$5.00"off

any tan package
N o t fo r u s e w ith a n y o t h e r c o u p o n

“l
I
I
I
I
■H
I
I
I
I
. j

All offers expire 4/30
Must present coupon with valid student ID
The O n ly F u ll Service Ta n n in g Facility In Editrardsville

Featuring 15 Sumfash W olff Super Beds
FOR THE ULTIMATE TANNING EXPERIENCE

CALL 618-656-UTAN
601 C e n te r G ro v e R d . E d w a rd s ville , IL 62025

.S/S
ARAH
B

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

Police Beat

Attention Students!

B

A l e s t l e

On Mar. 25, at 4:16 a.m., police
arrested A ntw an Scott, 22, of
Belleville for burglary from a m otor
vehicle and criminal trespass to state
supported property. Also arrested
was Jonah Hagler, 19, of Edwardsville
for theft over $300. A n SIU E
em ployee had his car parked at
Tower Lake A partm ents in Lot 5F
and interrupted the burglary. Stolen
items were found in the possession of
the two arrestees. Both Scott and
Hagler are being held at the Madison
County jail.

Driving Under the InfluenceAlcohol
On Mar. 24, at 7:26 p.m., police
arrested Richard Holloman, 36, of St.
Louis for D U I and D U I over 0.1.
Holloman was stopped on University
Drive near the Supporting Services
exit road. H e could not post bond and
was transported to the M adison
County jail.

Traffic Accident
On Mar. 22, at 5:53 p.m., a traffic
accident at Tower Lake A partm ents
Lot 5J was reported. H eath er

rady

“Beyond the Brady BiU”
Wednesday, April 10, 7:30
SIUE University Center,
Meridian Hall
Sarah Brady served as the
Director of Administration
for the Republican National
Committee. James Brady,
her husband, served as the Reagan Administration’s Press
Secretary. However, the gun of John Hinkley sent them down
a different path. He became Vice Chairman of the National
Organization of Disability. She became Chairperson of
Handgun Control, Inc. Together, they are the moving force
behind federal handgun legislation.

BLOOD
PRESSUI
PILLS
WORMPYOU
TAK&^HEM

Tickets...$6 (full-time students $2)

692-2320

S o u th e r n Illin o is U n iv e rs ity
a t E d w a rd s v ille

‘

A m e rica n Heart
Association

Byerline, 19, of Edw ardsville was
traveling west-bound in Lot 5J when
she stopped, partially blocking on­
coming traffic. Angel Rankin, 19, of
Edw ardsville, who was behind
B yerline,
stopped
and
then
proceeded to pass her on the right. As
R ankin was passing, Byerline turned
right into a parking space, hitting
R ankin’s car in the left wheel area.
There were no tickets issued.
O n Mar. 23, at 11:45 a.m., police
investigated an accident at Bluff
R oad and New Poag Road. Jerry
Clevenger, 45, of M edora was
stopped at the stop sign waiting to
pull out onto New Poag Road.
K atheryn Peek, 28, of A lton was
making a right turn from New Poag
R oad onto Bluff Road when she hit
C levenger’s auto on the left side.
T here were no tickets issued.

Ambulance Call
O n Mar. 24, at 2:39 p.m., police and
am bulance responded to a call to
Tower Lake where a female student
had becom e bedridden from flu-like
symptom s.
T he
student
was
transported to A nderson Hospital by
Edwardsville Am bulance Service.

Warrant Arrest
O n Mar. 22, at 8:45 a.m., police
arrested Tracey Sprouts, 27, of
Edw ardsville on an outstanding
Failure to A ppear for driving while
suspended warrant. Sprouts posted
$202 bond and was released.
On Mar. 23, at 1:54 a.m., police
arrested Paul Lawson, 21, of
Edw ardsville on an outstanding
Failure to A p p ear on criminal
trespass on land w arrant. Lawson
posted $75 bond and was released.

Program--------------------------------------------------------from front page

Muriel Shackelford, the long term care ombudsman,
will be the guest lecturer for the colloquium.
“The lecture will build awareness of the need for more
community involvement in nursing homes,” Shackelford
said.
“Our program offers visitation and friendly support,
while advocation for and providing information on
resident rights,” Shackelford added.
“The colloquium is open to wide variety of fields,”
Traxler said. “Psychology, speech pathology, nursing,
social work, medicine and law fields are ideal personnel.”
The session is scheduled from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. in
the Vadalabene Center, Room 2002.
Parking is available in the Visitor’s Parking Lot B next
to the University Center for a nominal fee, or at any meter.
For more inform ation and a complete schedule the
Gerontology Research Colloquia, contact the SIUE
Gerontology Program at (618)692-3454.

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

T h e

A l e s t l e

Page

5

Student injured as homemade bomb explodes Billy G rah am
Wears Them
Religiously

HENNIK ER, N.H. (A P)—A New England
College student remained hospitalized Sunday
after a homemade bomb he was assembling in his
dormitory room exploded.
William Hillard, 24, of White River Junction, Vt.,
was listed in fair condition in Dartmouth Hitchcock
Hospital on Sunday with severe injuries to his left
hand.
Several unexploded bombs were removed from
Hillard’s room, according to Corporal Jack Meaney,
of the State Police bomb squad.
“He had been making some bombs in his room
and he was in the process of making another one
and it went off when he was assembling it,” Meaney

said.
The unexploded bombs were taken to a safe area
by the bomb squad where they will be disarmed and
analyzed, he said.
Police had not interviewed Hillard by Sunday
afternoon, but they said it appeared the college
senior was acting alone.
“We haven’t had any indication that he was
working with others at this point,” Meaney said.
“This seems to be a very isolated incident.”
He said he does not know why Hillard made the
bombs or what they were to be used for.
Police say they’re still investigating but expect to
file charges.

61TTIN BUSYWITH UCB!
I

T

H

I

S

W

E

E

K

Wednesday, April 3, 1996
12:00 - 1:00 p.m.

mfSoup &Substance Public Forum
"Classroom of the Future*
It's Coming Next Semester"

Tuesday, April
7:00 ■ 9 i
Local Motion Cone
*

- *

••••.

Complimentary soup provided
Cahokia Room, Dining Area University Center
RSITV C E N T E R B O A R D

eries

g j*

fe a tu r in g

iti

"NIL 8":
Springfield, Illinois' Punk Rotk

U H IV !

Bang! You're Dead! No Resume.
No Experience. No job.
A lecture concerning individuals having control of their life.
Presented by Thomas Ryan

Veterans with Provdflesh
0

Meridian Ballroom/ University Center

0

k

4
@ f f i f l € m s § n tS

'

Don't Miss out!
University Museums, University Center

Thursday, April 4, 1996
7:30 - 9:00 p.m.

Saturday, April 6, 1996
10:00 a.m. - 5 :0 0 p.m.
Irip to St« Louis Science Center & Zoo

U N iV

To sign up and for more information, call Jenny or Bonnie at 692-2330.
Transportation provided from the L/C Meter lot and Tower Lake Commons.

Attention International Students
New Opening for Ethnic Fhir Chairperson
The Ethnic Flair Chairperson position is no w available. The Ethnic Flair Committee hosts m a n y into
multicultural events such as International W eek and International N ig h t. Also, this position allows
the Ethnic Flair Chairperson to create new multicultural celebrations every semester!

Applications are available in the Kimmel Leadership Center, University Center.

Application Deadline: Friday, March 29, 1996 at 4:30 PM
For more information iaH Tiffany at ext 278t i.RD
FOR M O M INFORMATION CONTACT THE UCB OFFICE AT 6 9 2 - 3 3 7 1 OR O UR EVENTS HOTLINE 6 9 2 - 3 3 7 2 .

T h e

Page 6

Kimmel---------------------------------------------------------------from front page

Cipfl stressed the im portance of em bracing change as the
w orld changes at an ever-increasing rate.
“Change is the province of individuals, of men and
women who are guided by th eir own unswerving sense of
right and w rong,” Cipfl said.
Carol Kim mel, who traveled from A rkansas to attend
the aw ards, then gave a few words of thanks to the
university before p resen tin g the Kim mel Scholarship
Award to Sean Pohl. Pohl is a ju n io r at SIU E who was also
recently elected to the position of student trustee.
“ W hen I read all of the things that Sean has done, I
really d o n ’t see when he had time to sleep ... It is most
rem arkable to have this opportunity to honor S ean,”
Kimmel said.
Pohl has been active in the university through his
participation with the S tudent L eadership D evelopm ent
Program and the U niversity C enter B oard w here he serves
as chairperson for the C urrent A ffairs C om m ittee.
The w inner in the education category was Kim berly
A ffolter of G ranite City. A ffolter is president of the PTA
at F ro h art School and has been active in helping the youth
of her community.
The award in the environm ental and civic betterm ent

A l e s i l e

category was given to H elen D elicate of Edw ardsville.
D elicate has been w orking with com m unity organizations
since 1931.
Tim othy G reenfield was presented with the award in
the youth category. Since 1979, G reenfield has been
actively involved with the Lions Club, the Troy Soccer
Club and Tri-Township Park D istrict.
Edna Mayes, resident council president for the E ast St.
Louis Housing A uthority, received the award in the senior
citizens category. Mayes has been on the O rr-W eathers
Tenant Council for 23 years.
E. Leroy Tinnea received the award in the category of
agency-organizational concerns for just under ten years of
volunteering nearly fifty hours per week to the H ighland
A nim al Shelter.
T here w ere two recipients in the health category. Both
Nancy H uebner of B ethalto and W innie R ezabek of Glen
C arbon were presented with awards. H eubner has been
working with thè R ed Cross since 1989. R ezabek has been
a v o lu n te e r at A n d erso n H o sp ital in M aryville for
eighteen years.
R obert W etzel, president of the Bank of Edw ardsville
received the award in the leadership category. W etzel has
been actively supporting SIU E on the School of Business
A dvisory Board as well as the SIU E U niversity Park
B oard of D irectors.

Give congratulations
to someone special with Graduation
Personals in the April 18th special
edition of the Alestle

$2.00

$2.00

1

4 £
$5.00

Alestle Graduation Personals
Name___________________
A d d re ss____________________ Phone
Please PRINT ad below (one word per space).

$5.00

•

>

The Alestle reserves the right to reject any personal ad that is
deemed in bad taste, which constitutes a personal attack, or
that is potentially libelous. No last names, foreign languages or
phone numbers can be used. A student ID is required.
Only in The Alestle 692-3528

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

Hobson----------------------from front page

the services that the student
body are receiving from this
position do not warrant the
expenditures.
There are
b etter ways to spend this
money.”
On March 28, only one day
before the student senate
meeting, Hobson changed his
motion from doing away with
the D irector of Student
Publication’s position to
strenghtening relationships
and clearly outlining and
defining the director’s job.
This change came only
days after Hobson’s defeat in
the race for 1996-97 SIUE
Student Body President.
Alestle E ditor in Chief
Roy Gilmore voiced his
outlook on Hobson’s motion
and questioned his motives.
“He came out with a
specific motion. He had our
office, student governmnent,
and a lot of other people
talking about this. But when
the time came to step up and
stick to his guns, he backed
down. You have to wonder if
this was a political stunt or
purely a move out of dislike
for Terry and myself,” said
Gilmore.
Student
Body
Vice
President Fabian Wright
quickly brought up that such
a bond was already in
existence between the parties
involved
and
that
he
personally felt that the
motion was unnecessary.
Wright rem inded the
senate that censorship was a
violation
of
the
First
Amendment and that Terry
Signorello,
the
current
director
of
Student
Publications, was effectively
doing his job.
Wright also said that he
felt that this motion could
have been avoided if more
accurate, condusive research
had been done on Hobson’s
part.
Student
Senator
Ray
Green also voiced his belief
that the motion should be
denied. Green, however, did
voice his concerns over a
quote by Signorello that
appeared in a March edition
of the Alestle. The quote
questioned Hobson’s motives
behind the motion, stating
that he questioned the
objectivity of the quote.
Student Body President
Ramon Blakley then took the
floor, stating his belief that
the Alestle and the student
government had a “brotherto-brother” relationship and
that it was not the place of
either organization to tell the
other what to do.
The motion then went to a
roll call vote and was voted
down.
Senator Hobson would not
comment on the defeat of his
motion.

T h e

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

S u » d a v

M o n d a y

W orship and Praise
services— 10:15 a.m. to
11:45 a.m.

T u c s d a y

W ednesday T h u rs d a y

Study discussion group—
6 p.m. to 7 p.m.

St. E lizabeth lecture and
sem inar—7:30 p.m.

St. Elizabeth lecture and
sem inar—7:30 p.m.

T hom as Ryan sem inar—
7:30 p.m.

M adison C ounty
Interagency Council for
Early Intervention —9:30
a.m.. to 11:30 a.m.

Study Group
Christian
Student
Fellowship has a study group
on Tuesday evenings from 6
p.m. to 7 p.m. in the lower
level of the Tower Lake
Commons. This sem ester’s
book is “Life on the Edge,” by
Dr. James Dobson.
Alcohol, Drugs and
Work Performance
April is National
Alcohol Awareness
Month and St.
Elizabeth Health
S e r v i c e s ’
Behavioral Health
System will present
a talk April 2 at 7:30
p.m.
entitled,
“Alcohol, Drugs and
Work Performance.” This
presentation will be held at St.
Elizabeth Medical Center in
Granite City in Pascal Hall.
The speaker will be Kent
Newcome, MSW, Director of
Providence
Employee
Assistance Program. This talk
is free and open to the public.
Employers and organized
labor representatives are
encouraged to attend.
For further information,
please call (618) 798-3888.

April 4

C enter Board is proud to
present a free Thomas Ryan
seminar on April 4 at 7:30
p.m. in the Meridian Ballroom
in the University Center.
Thomas Ryan is the author of
the best selling book “A Story
of Entrepreneurial Passion.”
The seminar is entitled, “Bang
Your Dead! No Resume. No
Experience. No Job.” In this

presentation
students, faculty and public
will be shown “how to take
control of their lives, and not
be controlled by their lives.”
This is an outstanding
opportunity for those who are
beginning their search for
employment, or those who
have a while to go in college.
This sem inar will give
students
the
advantage
needed to compete in the
competitive job market today.
For further information,
please call the University
Center Board at (618) 6923771.

Signs and Symptoms
April is National Alcohol
Awareness M onth and St.
April 6
Elizabeth H ealth Services’
Behavioral Health System will
present a talk April 4, at 7:30
Auditions
p.m. entitled “Signs and
The Maddening Crowd, St.
Symptoms of Adolescent Louis’ only professional
Chemical Dependency.” The Improv-Comedy Troupe, is
presentation will be held at seeking a few daring men and
the Edwardsville Health women. Ethnic diversity
Center,
1121
University encouraged, summer touring
Drive. The speaker will be possible. Auditions begin
W arren
Neal
of
the April 6.
Behavioral Health System. For more information, or to
This talk is free and open to set an appointm ent, please
contact 906-2726 or 862-5807.
the public.
For further information,
please call (618) 798-3888.
April 7
School
personnel
are
encouraged to attend.
Praise Service
Christian
Student
Thomas Ryan
A ttention
all
campus Fellowship invites you to
organizations. The University Worship and Praise services
on Sunday mornings from

Friday

S a t u rd a y

A uditions for
M addening C row d—by
appointm ent.

Are you ready to win $5?

St. E lizabeth lecture and
sem inar—7:30 p.m.

April 2

Page7

A l e s t l e

10:15 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. in the
lower level of the Tower Lake
Commons Building.

April 9
St. Elizabeth Lecture
April is National Alcohol
Awareness Month and St.
Elizabeth H ealth Services’
Behavioral Health System will
present a talk April 9 at 7:30
p.m.,
entitled
“The
Progressive N ature of the
Addiction Process.” This
presentation will be held in
Pascal Hall at Elizabeth
Medical Center in Granite
City. The speaker will be
Warren
Neal
of
the
Behavioral Health System.
The talk is free and open to
the public. For further
information, please call (618)
798-3888.

If a BACCHUS member spots you wearing an
Alcohol Awareness Month button distributed at
the Health and Wellness week activities, you
could win a $5 prize. Remember the answer to
the question given at that time; if a BACCHUS
member spots you wearing your button
throughout the month of April- answer the
question and w in!
I f you are interested in social activities
supporting responsible habits, altitudes and
lifestyles regarding alcohol and related issues,
applications for membership are available in the
Kimmel Leadership Center and Student Fitness
Center. For more information, contact Jennifer
at 692-2348.

Meeting
The
Madison
County
Interagency Council for Early
Intervention will be holding
their monthly meeting April 9
from 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. at
the
Edwardsville
Public
Library’s large meeting room.
The goal of the council is to
plan for a coordinated,
comprehensive
early
intervention system within
Madison County.
For further information,
please contact Robin Gold at
462-1411.

Attention all
organizations!
The Alestle will
provide F R E E

Advertising on
the Vital
K now ledge
page every
Tuesday for
your activities!
Com e in and
check it out!
K now Your World
R ead the Alestle.

Monday thru Saturday 10am-8pm • Sunday 12pm-4pm

In-Store Center
Edwardsville Shop ‘n Save

Member FDIC

entertainment
Page 8

T h e A l e s t l e

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

‘Oliver and Company’ at theaters for a second run
By Darryl Howlett
Lifestyle Editor

is taught the ways to survive in the streets by
a likeable group of misfit dogs. Dodger, the
leader of the band, sees some type of
A catalyst for the rebirth of Disney’s classics, potential in Oliver and brings him in the
“Oliver and Company” makes its second debut at group. Along the way, Oliver must come
the big screen. Originally released in 1988 as the 27th to choose between his new companions
full-length animated feature, and never released on and a pretty little girl name Jenny (Natalie
video, the story follows the escapades of a cat and Gregory). Among the scene stealers in
this movie is Tito (Cheech Martin), as the
five dogs.
Just as the case almost ten years ago, the movie is audience will laugh at the majority of his
an obvious choice for family viewing. The movie has remarks.
the voice talents of Joey Lawrence (Oliver) Billy
For those who went to the movie
Joel (Dodger), Sheryl Lee Ralph (R ita) Ruth when it first came out, one can
Pointer, Huey Lewis, Roscoe Lee Browne (Francis), never forget the catchy tune
and Richard Mulligan (Einstein) to name a few.
“Why Should I Worry?”
Oliver is a story about an abandoned kitten who
t h a t
Billy
Joel
belts
o u t
to start
and end
the movie. In
fact, it’s the
music
that
carries
the
movie along at
times when the dialog fails,
which is not often. Other songs that
are catchy include “Streets of Gold”
by Huey Lewis and “Perfect Isn’t
Easy” by Bette Midler.
“Oliver and Company” generally
goes along with all movies Walt
Disney puts out: the bad guys
always get theirs, and the movie has
“The Walt Disney Company. All Rights Reserved.”
a happy ending. However, it’s the
A kindhearted crook named Fagin (voice of Dorn Deluise), his pack of
pickpocket pooches and Oliver, the new “kit” on the block, race to the aide
characters and the animation that

makes
Disney films worth
seeing.
The interesting fact about “Oliver
and Company” is that it served as a catalyst
for the rebirth of Disney’s reputation as a
powerhouse production company. After “Oliver and
Company” came “The Little Mermaid” (1989), “The
Rescuers Down Under” (1990), “Beauty and the
Beast” (1991), “Aladdin” (1992), “The Lion King”
(1994) and “Pocahontas” (1995).
In this day and age of sex and violence, it is always
nice to know that you can count on Disney to soften
the hearts and minds of society with their films—and
“Oliver and Company” fits into that privileged
category.

of a kidnapped girl.

How was your day yesterday?
Did you rise at a leisurely pace, relaxing in
bed to gather your thoughts before the day
began? After work or school, perhaps you
prepared a well-balanced meal and sat down
with all the members of your family. They, of
course, willingly waited their turns before
relating delightful anecdotes about their day.
By nine o’clock, the children were fast asleep,
enabling you to watch the evening news and
Family Corner
get to bed for a full eight hours of sleep.
In your dreams, you say.
By Danette Watt
More likely, your days go something like
this: You rise at 5 a.m. (or earlier) to get some
study time in before you start calling other family members to get up. You
juggle getting breakfast on the table, supervising your toddler’s attempts at
dressing himself and prodding the older one to get moving. If you’re lucky,
you skim the newspaper while standing at the counter gulping down your
breakfast.
But it seems no m atter how early you get up, you find yourself rushing out
the door at the last minute.
. After dropping kids/spouse/dog/whoever to their respective locations,
you’re off for another eight or so hours doing your own thing. Of course, on
your lunch hour or between classes, you’re making phone calls or running
errands.
When you get home, you throw a dinner together, promising yourself the
next one will be a little more balanced. Refereeing a number of sibling
squabbles makes for another pleasant meal.
After dinner, there’s dishes to do, homework to supervise/check, Scout
meetings or sports games to get to. Maybe you'll skip the little one’s bath

(again). You’ll opt for a pillow fight with the kids, some “quality” time.
For me, by the time I get the kids in bed, my husband is coming home from
work. Time to spend an hour or so catching up on what’s new with him, what
we need to get accomplished that week and so on. By 10 or 11 p.m., I’m able
to hit the books before dropping into bed for several hours.
A therapist I saw for several years would often ask me: What are you doing
for yourself?
Recently, my answer to that has been: Keeping up with my schoolwork.
Just knowing I’m not getting behind in my work is enough to make me happy
right now.
Sad, but true.
In a conversation we had a couple weeks ago, a woman made a passing
comment about being at the park Saturday morning for “her time.”
How wonderful, I thought, that she was able to get time away on a regular
basis for herself.
Time alone is something we all need. Time to lie around and daydream;
time to read; time to just veg out in front of the tube if that’s your thing.
It’s hard to write great sonnets (or poor prose), to put paint to paper, when
your head is always filled with grocery lists and schedules.
It takes a lot of willpower to say, “I need this time for me.” I think for
many women it takes even more willpower to accept the time when it’s
offered to us. We women are so conditioned to do, do, do for everyone else
that we allow ourselves to become drained of all our inner resources. We
don’t realize that, in the long run, our families benefit from us having our own
time.
So, if someone tells you to “get away for awhile, go do something,” take
them up on it. Go ahead, be nice to yourself. Think of it as a small payment
for the many things you do for everyone else.
I find my time at 2 a.m. when everyone else is in bed and the house is
quiet. I may have the BBC on and be doing homework, but for now anyway,
just the fact that there’s no other body in the vicinity is enough for me.

Tuesday, April 2, 1995

T h e

A l e s t l e

Page

9

Pamela Anderson Lee,
husband sue Penthouse
LOS ANGELES (AP) _ Penthouse publisher Bob Guccione has acquired a stolen videotape
showing Tommy and Pamela Anderson Lee having sex and plans to sell it to the public, the Lees
claim in an invasion-of-privacy lawsuit.
The lawsuit, filed Friday in Los Angeles County Superior Court, asks a judge to prohibit
Guccione from selling the tape and seeks $10 million in damages. They also want back the
original tape.
The Motley Crue drummer and “Baywatch” star claim the self-photographed tape was. stolen
by a construction worker who remodeled their Malibu home last year.
The lawsuit says Penthouse has acknowledged having the tape.
“The plaintiffs ... are well-known and will suffer public ridicule, an invasion of privacy, continued
humiliation, embarrassment, mental anguish and injury to their careers (if the video is
distributed),” the lawsuit said.
Richard L. Stuhlbarg, an attorney for the couple, declined to comment on the lawsuit. A security
guard at Penthouse’s New York offices said Saturday no one would be available to comment on
the suit until Monday.

‘The Birdcage’ remains
no. 1 film at box office
LOS ANGELES (AP) _ “The Birdcage” was the nation’s No. 1 movie for the fourth straight
weekend, industry sources said Sunday.
“The Birdcage” grossed an estimated $10 million, topping the $8 million in estimated
ticket sales for “Sgt Bilko,” Steve M artin’s movie version of the 1950s TV series starring Phil
Silvers.
Two animated features made the Top 10: “Oliver and Company,” a version of “Oliver
Twist,” earned $4.8 million for fourth place in a re-release and “All Dogs Go To Heaven 2”
earned $2.5 million for ninth place.
“A Family Thing,” starring Robert Duvall and James Earl Jones, debuted with $3.3 million
in a tie with “Diabolique” for fifth place.
“Leaving Las Vegas,” boosted by Nicolas Cage’s Oscar-winning performance, jumped 29
percent from last weekend to gross $750,000, bringing its total earnings to $29.1 million.
The figures are estimates by industry sources of ticket sales Friday through Sunday. Final
figures are due out Monday.
1. “The Birdcage,” $10 million.
2. “Sgt. Bilko,” $8 million.
3. “Executive Decision,” $6.8 million.
4. “Oliver and Company,” $4.8 million.
5. “A Family Thing,” $3.3 million.
6. “Diabolique,” $3.3 million.
7. “Up Close and Personal,” $2.9 million.
8. “Fargo,” $2.6 million.
9. “All Dogs Go To Heaven 2,” $2.5 million.
10. “Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco,” $1.9 million.

Columbus Zoo to feature
life-sized robotic dinosaurs
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) _ Visitors to the Columbus Zoo this summer are in for a really big
show.
The zoo’s “Dino Roars!” exhibit will feature 16 life-size robotic dinosaurs ranging from the
gentle, plant-eating triceratops and apatosaurus to such predators as the velociraptor and
tyrannosaur.
The exhibit will run May 24 through Sept. 2 and cost $2 plus regular zoo admission.
Gerald W. Borin, the zoo’s director, said the robots will have better movement and sound than
those exhibited a few years ago at Ohio’s Center of Science and Industry.
“We’re going to do it in an outdoor setting where you’ll walk among the trees,” he said. A fog
machine will help create the illusion of a prehistoric tropical jungle.
Signs will describe the characteristics of dinosaurs and theories about their extinction.

ANXIETY
Clinical R esearch A ssociates o f Edwardsville n e e d s
v olunteers, ages 18 and over, with G eneralized
Anxiety D isorder to particip ate in a research study
com p aring an investigational drug with p laceb o . If
you feel an xious but d o n 't know if it's se rio u s
eno u g h to b e co n sid e red for a study
p lea se give u s a call.
The symptoms include:
Excessive or unrealistic worry

Shakiness/trembling

Difficulty sleeping
Edginess
Perspiring
Dry mouth

Startle easily
Restlessness
Racing Heart
Dizziness

Diarrhea
Fearfulness
Irritability

Shortness of breath
Difficulty concentrating
Impatience

Fatigue

Muscle tension

If you have three or m ore of these sym ptom s you may
qualify for a study. Suitable volunteers will receive a
physical exam , EKG, blood and urine analysis, weekly vis­
its with a psychiatrist and m edication at no charge.
If interested please call Mary, (6 1 8 )6 5 9 -0 2 9 2 Monday
through Friday.

C linical R esearch A s s o c ia t e s o f E dw ardsville
Lynn A. C unningham , M.D.,
D irector of Clinical R esearch
1121 University Drive
Edwardsville, IL 6 2 0 2 5

^ S t a y in Touch!
Stay on Campus!
University Housing Reservation Process 1996 -1997

0
W hat if two, three or four of us want to
sign-up together for a new apartment?
If all of you are reserving spaces in a completely new
apartment, each of you must fill out a "University
Housing Reservation Form" and make sure that all
of the other roommates are listed. Then, you can
come to the following locations to turn in your forms
and check apartment availability:
Tuesday, April 2
Tower Lake Commons Building 2 - 6pm
Wednesday, April 3
Student Residence Hall 2- 6pm
Thursday, April 4
UC Goshen Lounge 11 am - 4pm
(One person may bring the forms fo r all o f the roommates)
Apartments are reserved on a first-come, first served basis!

QUESTIONS? CALL 692-3931!

V

Page 1 0

T h e A l e s t l e

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

Fragile Porcelain Mice can't be broken
national attention St. Louis is getting lately
may give this Belleville quartet their shot at
the big time..
The only drawback to that would be that
they probably won’t play the area every
month, which would be a shame, because they
are definitely a band to see as well as hear.
They will play again in about a month, so
watch for them. In the meantime, pick up
Frostbidding at your local music store. If you
like to listen to something with a harder edge,
you won’t be disappointed. I know I’m not.
This album will be on my “best o f ’ list at the
end of the year—I guarantee it. It will
probably be my album of the year.

By Lenoa McGuire
Lifestyle Reporter
One thing that Fragile Porcelain Mice
has done lately is establish themselves as
one of the prem ier live bands in the St.
Louis area. Led by the stage presence of
frontman Scott Randall, FPM repeatedly
puts on great shows for large crowds of
people in the area’s top clubs. In
addition, touring has shown hardcore
crowds in other cities what a great live
band FPM is
With the release of their second CD,
Frostbidding, they have now proven that
they are one of St. Louis’ premier bands,
period. This new effort not only avoids
the sophomore slump, but shows the
band’s growth and maturity by capturing
much more of the power and sound you
get at a live show. And all you have to do
is turn the stereo up.
Dave Winkler’s opening bass notes on
“Stale” lets the listener know that this is
the well produced album for which fans have been waiting. (In concert, “Stale”
is often referred to by fans as the “Oh Sh*t” song.) The drums are powerful, the
bass tight, the guitar riffs clean, and the vocals sharp and clear. On the
production aspect, Jamie Welky and FPM have made a great album.
When it comes to the songs, FPM has written a great album. This is where the
growth of the band can be heard. Tim O ’Saben’s guitar work is getting more
intricate and better written. Mark Heinz’ thundering beats and fills set the tempo
perfectly in each song. Dave plays bass with a no-flash style that concentrates his
energy on playing three to four notes per second, making him one of the best
bass players in the area. Scott’s voice has gotten stronger, filling each song with
passion and emotion. All four members have distinct and individual styles that
blend and work well together, resulting in a unique sound that has helped build
a large fan following.
Lyrically the band is also growing which is evident on the album’s title track,
“One hundred years old, left out in the cold/A face in the ground, ten inches of
frozen snow/A bag for a home, a bottle, a broken comb/I’m not alone, those
memories are all I own.” It may not be uplifting, but it is very well written.
Simply put, this is a professional quality album that hardcore fans must own.
It is an incredible recording full of fury and rage and it could be the one that
breaks them. The combination of a great album, great live shows, and the
As I’m sure •
many of you know,
stress hits hard
right about this
time of the school
year. It seems like
there’s never
enough time to get
anything
accomplished with
Life Lessons
work or school, be
social, or take a
moment out for
By Jennifer Casey
yourself. Instead,
you procrastinate,
snap at your friends, and forget all about that
natural regimen of diet/exercise/sleep that you so
vitally need. It’s a vicious cycle. You KNOW you
need to take a minute and smell the roses and get
yourself back on track, but just when you think
that minute has come, you remember that you
have a test or a deadline, your friend reminds you
about that concert you stood out in the rain to get
tickets for, o r you remind yourself that you haven’t
slept in three days and that your diet of ramen
noodles and Pop Tarts is for the birds. Then
what??
I’ve been in this kind of situation for the past,
oh, two years, and believe me, two straight years of
stress is enough to make anyone feel like a
hamster spinning eternally on one of those

Local Music News
A bit of recognition goes out to Tom and
everyone at UCB who helped in bringing
N.I.L.8 to campus this evening. Any fan of
FPM or harder edged music needs to go check
out this multi-racial, punk-metal fusion band
from Springfield that describes their sound as
that of “a freight train with its brakes on.”
They have an album on Fuse records out of Chicago, which they will probably
be selling at the show. The CD has been getting good reviews in national
publications after being out only a short time. This band puts on a show packed
with energy, so you don’t want to miss it. Any fan of live music will appreciate
N.I.L.8. It is a great evening of entertainment for free with Proudflesh opening
up. Go to the show! It won’t cost anything,and if you don’t like the band, you
can leave.
Editor’s Note: The show is tonight at 7p.m. in the Student Experimental Theater.
On a sad note, I saw my last Frontier Thist show on Friday night. Lead singer
Gary Dean Davis is leaving the country punk band from Omaha to go back to
school so he can be a teacher. (I can’t be too angry because the world can always
use good teachers.) I’m just sad because they were a beautiful band that always
made Nebraska proud of them. Joe K., the bass player, will be in a new band
shortly, so we will just have to wait and see what happens.
There is just one thing I want to say to Frontier Trust for all the things they
have done musically—Thanks! I’ll miss seeing you. Good luck Gary Dean,
wherever you are. You always made me smile.

exercise wheels; running at top speed toward
something that you know you’re never going to
reach because you have no idea how to get there.
Two and a half weeks ago, I fell off the wheel and I
hit my head. Hard. Everything that had been
building up inside of me for the past two years
finally got the best of me and I cracked. For two
and a half weeks I disappeared from school, didn’t
do jack as far as writing, forgot all about
attempting to have .a life and didn’t eat, sleep or
move.
Life, for me, was not looking too great. I felt
useless, worthless, and most of all, clueless. Each
day that I missed class, I’d say “oh well, I’ll feel
better tomorrow and then I’ll go and everything
will just be peachy.” Tomorrow never came.
“Tomorrow” was “yesterday” all over again. Each
crappy story I wrote was dismissed as “temporary
writers block” that never went away. Friends? I
hope 1 still have some of those left out there
somewhere. My health became insignificant. I
didn’t need sleep, exercise, or nutrition.
Then once again, I slipped and fell and hit my
head, but this time I hit it on a smart rock. That
smart rock said “hey you! Yeah, you with the
educational opportunities that some people would
lay down and die for. You think your teachers are
just gonna let you walk into class like you haven’t
missed a second? No! Wise up or you’re outta
here! You, who gave up a future $52,000 a year
job to follow your dream of becoming a journalist

and couldn’t write a grocery list right now if you
tried! You think you’re gonna have this job much
longer? No! Girl, typing on America Online does
not constitute having a social life. However
interesting it may be, live human beings are much
more interesting (well, most of them at least). Get
off your butt, eat a salad, learn not only to stand
up on those rollerblades but actually MOVE on
them, and get a good night’s sleep. Your life is
headed for the toilet! What the HELL are you
doing?!” That little voice was LOUD, and it
scared the piss out of me! But everything it said
was true, as much as that hurt. But, as my friend
Vic says, “the truth is never wrong.”
So what am I doing about it now? You’d better
believe my butt will be back and class. I don’t
know what it’s going to take to get caught up, but
whatever it is, I’m gonna do it. As far as writing
and my job, I’m back in the flow. The writer’s
block has subsided and I’m full of new ideas. I’m
going to try to see my friends more, as well as
make some new ones.
I’m not going to fool myself any further by
saying that I will never get stressed again, because
after all, I’m not Wonder Woman. I just know that
this experience was a much-needed reality check.
Unfortunately, I had to completely fall apart in
order to get myself together and I hope none of
you out there have to go through this, but if you
do, I will gladly recommend my therapist.

Tuesday, April 2,1996

T h e

A l e s i l e

Page 11

Texas fans mourn Selena on the anniversary of her death
CORPUS CHRISTI,Texas (AP) -They came from across the state and country,
At Selena Etc., the singer’s clothing boutique, fans stopped in hope of buying
even from Mexico. Some carried flowers, others camcorders. Many cried, while a momento of their idol. But the doors were shut on this day. Some visitors
others smiled at memories of the fallen star they had come to remember.
peered through the windows, and others snapped photographs before continuing
Sunday, on the first anniversary of her death, Selena Quintanilla Perez was still their journey, which for many ended at Selena’s seaside grave.
very much alive in the hearts of fans who poured into her adopted hometown to
Mounds of white roses from Selena’s family covered her grave in stark contrast
grieve anew.
to her black granite tombstone. A green mesh fence kept visitors at a distance,
“We came to show our respects and show that she has not
but provided a backdrop for their own memorials: a panda bear,
been forgotten she never will,” Melba Rivera of Harlingen ____________ £ £ ------------------ piles of roses and carnations, poster-board signs and poems.
said as she stood with her three children outside of Selena’s
There, in reverent tones, fans shared memories of the star. One
home.
man knelt in prayer, while a child placed a stuffed animal on the
The house, in the neighborhood where Selena grew up, has It’s been a year, and the
ground next to him.
become a tourist attraction for fans of the slain Tejano singer, requests have not stopped for
Hundreds had visited by midday, prompting cemetery officials
who was gunned down March 31, 1995, by her former fan **er son8s*
to prohibit fans from leaving their cars. A slow procession of
club president.
automobiles, many with photographs of the singer hung in
Abby Chavarrilla
It was one stop on a pilgrimage for devotees visiting here
windows,
wound its way through the burial ground.
KQQK, Houston
this weekend. Many, such as the Riveras, spent the night at —
—
Fans outside of Corpus Christi also remembered the singer. In
the Days Inn motel where Yolanda Saldivar shot and killed
Houston, church services and tributes were held to mark the first
the 23-year-old rising star.
anniversary of her death.
They then proceeded to the home of Selena and her husband, guitarist Chris
“People feel she is still with us,” said Abby Chavarrilla of Tejano radio station
Perez. Its chain-link fence was dotted with flowers and signs, including one from KQQK in Houston. “It’s been a year, and the requests have not stopped for her
San Angelo that read: “Selena - You will never be forgotten. You’re always in our songs.
hearts.”
An afternoon tribute was set for St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, where Selena
A gold-framed poem from a woman outside of Houston lay propped against fans were attending a picnic. The El Dorado Ranch, a Tejano club where Selena
the fence underneath a white plastic sign covered with messages from those who performed a month before her death, remembered the singer by presenting her
had visited.
videos and music.
“We saved our Spring Break for this,” said Sandra DeLeon of Lubbock, who
In cities across the state, radio stations played Selena’s music and testimonials
made the trek with her sister and their three kids. “This is what we wanted to do. from fans and other Tejano artists. Candlelight vigils were planned in San
H er songs - they came from the heart.”
. Antonio and Corpus Christi.
Her 10-year-old daughter, tears reddening her eyes, faltered when asked why
“We love her, we miss her,” said Mencha Amador of Phoenix, Ariz. “We do
she liked Selena. “Her songs were easy to sing,” said Madison DeLeon, whose have her music, and that is great. She left something for all of us. That is our joy.”
mother said she sings those songs daily.

S

P

E

C

I

a
]

r

a

A

L

at Dining Services

S

Good
Friday
Special

Double Hot
Dog Deal

April 5
Cheese Pizza
$1.75
at Pizza Hut Express
Lower Level o f the
University Center

April 22 - 26
Buy one hot dog at regular price
and get a 2nd hot dog for only
550 at the BII Cart.

Dagwood Sub
Pinto & Cheese
April 11
Today only! Taco Bell Express offers
Pinto & Cheese.
Lower Level o f the
University Center

April 25
Caution: For the Hearty Eaters only.
The Dagwood Sub - Turkey, Italian beef,
ham, American & Swiss cheese - at Deli Express.
Lower Level o f the University Center

Declining Balance Update
Week Ending Plan A Plan B Plan C
07-April
14-April

154
117

173
130

209
157

sports
Page

12

T h e A l e s t l e

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

Tough trip to Indiana for SIUE baseball team
By Eli Savoie
Sports Editor

Jeremy Paschall/A/estfe

The Cougar baseball team went through a short slide over
the weekend as they went 1-3 in Indiana.

SIUE softball
takes third at
Wayne State
By Brett Licata
Sports Reporter
The SIU E softball team
traveled to Detroit, Mich., last
weekend to com pete in the
Wayne
State
University
Invitational. The Cougars came
away with a 4-1 record and third
place when the weekend was
complete.
The Cougars started off the
tournament on Saturday in a low
scoring affair with Northwood.
SIUE came out on top with a 10 victory behind the pitching of
Deanna Smith.
Later in the day, SIUE took
on the host school, Wayne State.
The Cougars were leading 3-1
going into the seventh inning,
when WSU scored three runs
and held on for the comeback
win, 4-3.
“We could have killed them
(Wayne State),” said head coach
Sandy M ontgomery over the
phone on Monday. “We let that
one get away from us.”
The Cougars rebounded from
the one run loss by coming out
see SOFTBALL, next page

EA ST

SOUTHEAST

(1) Connecticut
(16) Colgate

The SIUE baseball team would like to put
their season in rewind and start last weekend
over. The Cougars travelled to Indiana to play
doubleheaders against St. Joseph’s and IUPU-Ft.
Wayne and came home with a 1-3 record from
the four games.
St. Joseph’s swept the Cougars on Saturday by
the scores of 3-0 and 8-6. On Sunday, SIUE was
able to earn a 5-2 win in the first contest against
Ft. Wayne, but once again fell in the second game
8-3.
“When we pitched well we didn’t hit and
when we hit well we didn’t pitch well,” head
coach Gary Collins said in his office Monday
afternoon.
Collins said he thought his team seemed to be
pressing in the games.
“We tried too hard,” Collins said. “It caused us
to end up failing.”
He said he wants his team to relax and just
play the game, but didn’t know exactly how to
get them to do it. Most of the problems, though,
he said, are in the players’ heads.
“The more you think about it, the worse it
gets,” he said. “If you stop worrying about it,
things will take care of themselves.”
In Saturday’s first game, Collins said that the
Cougars were just victims of a good pitching
performance. The Cougars themselves got a good
effort out of Jeff Ridenour who went the
distance in absorbing the loss, but the offensive
attack just couldn’t muster anything as they were
blanked on just seven hits by the Pumas’ Andrew
D ’Amore.
In the second contest of the day, the offense

woke up, but the pitching struggled somewhat as
three Cougar hurlers couldn’t shut down St.
Joseph’s offense.
John Mendez started the game and cruised
until the fifth inning when the Pumas pushed five
runs across the plate to erase a 3-0 Cougar lead.
Mike Vogt relieved Mendez in the inning and he
was later relieved by John Ebersohl in the sixth
inning. In that inning, St. Joseph’s added three
more runs.
Sunday started off well for the Cougars when
Jason Guest turned in a solid performance on the
mound in the first game to lead SIUE to victory.
Guest spread nine hits over the complete seven
innings to earn his third win of the season.
Collins said that Guest’s control was the key
to the game. He said that Guest made Ft. Wayne
put the ball in play and the Cougar defense did
its job. Collins was pleased with Guest's effort
because he hadn’t started a game in almost three
weeks.
In Sunday’s second game, the two teams
combined to use nine pitchers in a game that was
a pitcher’s duel until the seventh inning.
The game remained scoreless through six, but
in the seventh the Cougars struck for two runs,
only to be answered by two from Ft. Wayne. Then
the Mastadons took the lead for good in the
eighth as they put six runs on the board.
The Cougars will look to rebound from their
tough weekend when they travel to Harris-Stowe
College today for a non-conference battle. The
game was originally to have been played at
SIUE, but due to problems with Roy Lee Field it
was moved to the Hornets’ home field.
The Cougars go into the game with an overall
record of 16-10 and a 5-7 record in the GLVC.

¡Connecticut
Connecticut

(9) E. Michigan

E. Michigan

(12) Va. Comm
(4) UCLA
(13) Princeton

Princeton
Massachusetts

(6) Indiana
( I I ) Boston Coll.

Boston College

(3) Georgia Tech
(14) Austin Peay
Cincinnati

(7) Temple
(10) Oklahoma
(2) Cincinnati
(15) UNC Greens

Syracuse

Cincinnati
Cincinnati

Kentucky

(16) W. Carolina

National
Champion

W E ST

(1) Purdue

M ID W E ST

Kentucky

(8) Georgia

(8) Wis.-Green Bay

■J(9) Virginia Tech

(9) Clcmson
....

(5) Memphis

(4) Utah_________

(!2) Drcxcl

■j Q3)Canisius

(4) Syracuse
(13) Montana St.

•

icuse

Kentucky

■j (13) California
(6) Louisville
Louisville

(11) Geo. Wash.
Arizona

(3) Arizona

NCAA

Kansas
Kansas

(2) Kansas
(15) S. Carolina

Louisville

IArizona

(7) Maryland

Kansas

~

(5) Iowa State

Syracuse

(14) Valparaiso

(1) Kentucky

Kentucky

Purdue

i

(3) Villanova
Villanova

W. Forest

( i l ) Tulsa
•j (14) Portland
(7) Michigan
•j (10) Tex as

j

Wake Forest

(2) Wake Forest
N.E. Louisiana

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

T h e

A l e s i l e

Page 1 3

the

Tennis loses three at home over weekend
By Todd Spann
Assistant Sports Editor
Jason Geminn’s three victories over
the weekend were not enough to help
the S1UE men’s tennis team keep its 2-0
record in the G reat Lakes Valley
Conference as they lost matches to the
University of Indianapolis, IUPU-Fort
Wayne, and Northeast Missouri State.
“Jason about played flawless tennis.
Everything is just coming together for
him. To be honest, I don’t think that his
opponent won any points in the first set,”
head coach Bill Logan said Monday
afternoon in his office about Geminn’s
efforts in the Indianapolis match.
The Indianapolis and Fort Wayne
losses put the Cougars at a 2-2 GLVC
mark. Northeast Missouri’s loss put them
at 2-5 overall.
All the matches were home games for
the Cougars, but due to weather
conditions, two of them had to be played
indoors. The Indianapolis game was held
at Kettle River Racquet Club and the
Northeast Missouri match on Sunday
was at the Oak Hill Racquet Club in
Belleville, II.
“The part that is tough about that is
going from perfect conditions that the
indoor courts give you and then playing
outside. It takes a while to get used to,”
Logan said.
Nate Reede and the doubles combo
of Ethan Halberg and Geminn also won
matches, but it was not enough as
Indianapolis went on to win 5-2.
“It was kind of revenge for Nate

because the guy he beat was the same
guy who defeated Nate in the Rolex
tournament, so that was a big victory for
Nate. It shows he is improving. Also,
Nate beat this guy by the same score he
lost to him (6-4,6-2).”
On Saturday, the Cougars played host
to Fort Wayne and had several close
matches, but could only come away with
two victories.
“I thought we had a chance with Fort
Wayne. We had a number of matches
that could have gone either way, and if
we could of turned some of them around,
then we would have won 5-2,” Logan
said.
The victors for the Cougars were
Halberg in a 6-2, 6-1 match and a hard
fought three set win by Geminn 6-4,2-6,
7-6 (8-6).
In one of the close matches, Reede
lost a tough three-set match 6-4, 2-6, 7-6
(8-6) while being hampered by a sore
shoulder he injured on Friday.
Things kept getting worse for Reede
on Sunday as he barely made it out of
the whirlpool before his match.
“Nate was in treatm ent for his
shoulder. He was in a whirlpool icing his
shoulder, and I didn’t know if he was
able to play. But he ended up playing and
I told him, ‘If it gets to bad, just stop.’ He
chose to stay on the court despite the
pain and he gave a valiant effort in a 3-6,
6-4,6-4 loss,” Logan said. “I’m giving him
a couple days off to rest his shoulder.”
Despite the great effort by Reede, the
Cougars only managed one victory for
the day and that was another great

perform ance by Geminn. He beat
Northeast Missouri’s No. 2 player 6-2,61.

Overall, Geminn is 6-1 and currently
on a six game winning streak.
“Some of his matches have been easy,
but most of them have been hard fought
battles,” Logan said.
The women did not fair well over the
weekend either as they fell to Northeast
Missouri State.
Amy Hazen, Keri Livingston and
Kate Himstedt all recorded victories but
Northeast Missouri took two double
matches to help them win 4-3. A team
has to win two of the three double
matches to receive a point.
“Amy Hazen lost the first set, but
came back to win the final two sets. It
was a good match with a lot of long hit
balls,” Logan said. “Keri played a smart
tennis match. She moved the ball around
and capitalized on her opponents errors.
And Kate just demolished her opponent
6-0,6-0.
What hurt the Cougars the most was
losing their normal No. 5 player Ann
Colter with a pulled back muscle. They
had to move Layla Rosenfeld up to No. 5
and bring up freshman
Sonya
Wohlthman, who never played in a
college match before, to No. 6.
“Sonya played well considering. It was
a tough match since it was her first,”
Logan said.
The Cougars now fall to 11-3 for the
whole year and prepare for an April 9th
date with Washington University in St.
Louis.

Softball---------------------from previous page

on top in a nail biter against
Saginaw Valley, 6-5.
The round robin event
continued on Sunday with
SIUE facing seventh-ranked
Ashland. D eanna Sm ith’s
pitching fueled the team to
produce a 4-1 upset victory.
The Cougars finished up
the weekend with another
close contest by beating
Hillsdale by the score of 2-0.
“We’re working on how to
win more consistently,” said
Montgomery. “I’m happy
with the way that we’re
progressing.”
Jennifer Smith is batting
.458 for the year with five
home runs and 16 RBI.
Montgomery said, “Jen’s
hitting is outstanding.”
Deanna Smith has a .349
batting average with three
home runs and 14 RBI, but
also holds a 7-1 record on the
mound.
Michele Sucich is batting
.339 and has five home runs
with 16 RBI.
SIUE will bring a 17-7
overall record into their game
against Fontbonne tomorrow
at home. They will travel to
IUPU-Fort
Wayne
on
Wednesday and stay in
Indianapolis for the Great
Lakes Valley Conference
tournament this weekend.

All-Star
Thriller
After intense
action throughout

G a lle r y
2858 Hwy 159 65 9-0 506

Every Tuesday

MTU’s
Singled Out
Come Find Your Mate
At the Gallery

Roy Drikow Hosts:
“Open Mie/ Poetry Slam/
Singer- Songwriter Night"
$2.50 Pitchers

50c Pitchers of Coors Light
$1.50 Pitchers of Bud Light

Get it while it Lasts!
1 0 5 .7 T h e P oin t

Broadcasting Live
Funk and R&B Bands
Every Sunday
$3.00 Pitchers

"Serious Funkin' M usic
A ll F unkin'N ight!"

April

the regular season
and postseason
playoffs, the SIUE

H

Taste Like
Chicken

intramural
basketball
program held its
All-Star game
Friday night in the
Student Fitness

6

Paint Th e Earth

T5T
12 To d d on LSD

Center. The white
team won the
contest 110-109

13

S h rin k in g Violets

14

Friends
(R & B Band)

on a free throw by
Keith Barnes with
0.3 seconds
remaining in
overtime.

TR T

Naked Fish .

19
S T

20

SÛT
21
'S

Sam m y and the
Snow m onkeys
Son of Starchild
(o p e n e d lo t M o rris D a y a n d T i m e )

Suede Chain

£

SAT
27
"s a T

28

Te ch n ic o lo r Yawn
Super Funk
Fantasy

T h e

Page 1 4

A l e s i l e

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

NAME:
ADDRESS:

So

u t h e r n

Il

l in o is

U

n iv e r s it y

at

E

PHONE:

d w a r d s v il l e

Let us team you up with a workout partner. Simply fill out the application. A campus recreation staff member will team you up
with a workout partner. From there you and your new FRIEND IN TRAINING can decide how you wish to proceed. Awards
will be given to those participants who complete the program. Join the fun, be a friend, and train.

Please return the survey to the Student Fitness Center reception desk or mail to Cam pus Box 1157.
1.

What time of the day or evening do you prefer to workout?_____________ _____________

2.

What recreational activities/programs do you like to participate in (racquetball, aerobics, swimming, etc.)?
Please list:
1._______________________
2 .________________________
3.
4.

3.

Do you prefer to workout with a male or a female?
Male

Female

Either

4.

Do you have a disability that would need special attention (heart problem, physical disability)?

5.

Would you try new recreational activities that you normally do not partake in (swimming,
racquetball, squash)? If yes what would it be?_____________________________________

6.

Do you currently use the Student Fitness Center/Vadalabene Center?
No_______

Yes_______

Why / Why Not?____________________________________________

7.

Are you a member of the Student Fitness Center (faculty,staff)?

8.

Do you work out with:

9.

Do you know what your target heart rate is? Yes_

Free weights_________

Yes_______

No_

Machines_______
No

If Yes, what is it?__________________________

What exactly is B.A.C.?
The level of intoxication for most states is a Blood
Alcohol Concentration (B.A.C.) of 0.1. This means
that for every 1000 drops of blood in a person's
body, there is at least 1 drop of alcohol. You may
have seen a chart like the following:

VADALABENE
CENTER
INDOOR POOL HOURS

*.03 (1 drink within 15 minutes) Some loss of judgment
*.06 (2 drinks within fi hour) Problems focusing
*.09 (3 drinks within 1 hour) Your sight and hearing are worse
*.12 (4 drinks within 2 hours) Impaired driving

For Lap and Recreational Swim
However, charts like this are MISLEADING. Factors such as how tired

M onday - Friday

6:30 a .m. to 8:30 a.m.

you are, how much and what you have eaten, m edication, mood,

11:30 a. m. to 1:30 p.m.

expectations, attitudes, and menstrual cycle and body fat for women

4:30 p. m. to 8:00 p.m.
Saturday - Sunday

can all increase the rate alcohol is absorbed into the body.

12:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.
6:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.

The Alcohol & Drug Awareness Program reminds you to
wear your Alcohol Awareness Month button to win $5!

L o o k us up on th e N E T at h t t p : / / w w w . s i u e . e d u / C R E C
Cam pus Recreation
Division of Student Affairs

C

Tuesday, April 2,1996

o

m

T h e

i

c

i

A l e s t l e

Page

15

THE LOOSE
If "fao* fatto-

CotHhumity Ûjifft
Fo r
I

m y etw& u s h class ,

HAP T O ASK

THREE

FRESH MEW WHAT THEIR
FAVoRITF THING ABOUT
THE SIUE EXPERIENCE IS.

1 THINK I T 'S PPETTY
Cool How X C A N

1 IN D U L G E W THE
E JTE W S IV E G a U fc rio w

SKIP CLA SS... AND
TH e r Vs/oN't EVEN c a l l
MY MOM f

of

R £ s o i* c e * n i«ia s

W TH F L I B R A R ^ r ^

DUDE, I DIG THE
1L LACK OF
CENSORSHIP «N THÉ
A E S U f Comics/

1 ' t t j

/ t t i i f i f 1}tuef

h u £ A tàI

Û ///

i f Cküf fyJUifòie*

2>A 1}hUkch ib !

Grea-f

in 3¡oyid his-bry

tVôfl-fh t T H e

\ v\ \ / e n 4 i o n
e je c + iò n

o -P - # ie
5 e a f3

If

ïkmô&ottf fa *Mfe

|N«/u>

STO W S

In

C

■'"1 / / / r a B S Q O T

■for heliCoptt^si

TH A N K?, V M f -

You compete with your classmates for the best grades.

You compete with high school diop-outs lor the best shifts.

ïcpûi

(M2y4X Afol-tò

fry tfem outli, f lm ii, and HmtelU

i
Due (o a mvstenous cosm ic onenomena.
Roger Bernoulli) was
I cransoortea trirougn rim e ana S D a ce io a naturailv occurring Oyson
i sonere world cailea la x . It is m this strange 3nd treacnerous world
i that i searcnea ror a wav oacK ;o Earth. .Vlv 20- /ear quest is
| illustrated journal. :itlea

0
g]
S

ROGER IN ZAXWORLD.i l

i f ì>Miò fm itk

Finding her
way into the
secret
underground
laboratory of the
Spartan beer
company, Topia
seeks revenge
on Spartan's
diabolical owner.

identity

i f Kât Venu*
V 11

'vJovJ ! S o m e o M i ,
f 5eM t m e
A p R £ 5 lt^ ) - r /

ALGiGttfT.. . WHICH ^ ( l o o k - T H V Z I'S \
o h ie o f m<-i R am s
A KOT t
S€n ìt m e t h i s

Ç i FT ?

~?ajtU£4ut cooa C6c ¿ôi&t permo* c’¿**6 c4ttouaA CÂ*.
‘j
'tcnme\M+.
camc -x^Cet ¿ten. —
(¿¿eUtCcn s56\\

. -J ta tc tüetC centnected “ju x umXA f 9 4 5 ^ e/vttA .. / 4 fu x m i

&

Ü

É

Ê

/ \TT A C H tt>/

^

1

KtJirrfcb m e A

p o t^ c n o .

classifieds
Page

16

T h e

SERVICES
TYPING: PAPERS, reports, etc., $ 1 /
page. Call Judy (618) 344-5988.
4/2 5/9 6

REPS NEEDED. One o f America's
fastest growing telecommunications
companies needs reps in this area.
Offers personal freedom and chance
to motivate others. Flexible hours and
great pay. Call now. 277-7979
4 /2 /9 6

RESUME

§

(618) 656-7155

^

311 North Main Street
Edwardsville, IL 62025

Used Auto Parts for
Every Car!
We also buy used

$ 3 3 5 /m o . Call 345-7498. 4/16/96

rebuild and install
transmissions!

”

Viaduct Auto Parts, Inc.
Rt. 143 Edwardsville Rd. • Open Mon - Sat

656-5175 • 254-2788 • 432-4165

4/1 6/9 6

Cottonwood Village I I I
Apartments

$275 deposit
$225/mo. rent
288-3674
U nder N ew M anagem ent

TW O LARGE apts. Refurbished, 2BR
down, 3BR up. Great for students.
Some utilities furnished. N ear down­
town. Call 656-2562. 4/9 /9 6

1 BEDROOM apartments, M aryville,
$285. Call Doug at Hartman
Realtors, 344-7900. 4/9 /96

M ISCELLANEOUS

Hundreds &Thousands of grants &

Immediate Qualification.
No repayments EVER.

Call 1-800-585-8-AID

(6 1 8 ) 6 3 8 -6 6 8 8

M O NEY FOR College!! Hundreds
and thousands o f grants available to
all students. Immediate qualifications.
Call 1-800-585-8-AID. 4/4 /96

O» Vallon, Illinois

Avail abl e in the U . C .

18 6 6 W .H W Y . 8 0
STEREO SPEAKERS 240W . New
wood grain cabinets. $ 2 0 0 for pair.
Call (618) 931-6298. 4/9 /96

ask for an application

Flexible Hours
SUNSET HILLS Country Club need
part-time o r full-time club care and
driving range personnel. Inquire at
6 5 6-8088. 4/9 /9 6
NEED 20 people. Able to run your
own small business. Part-time.
Training provided. Call 4 6 6-9825.

FOR SALE matching couch, chair, and
lamps. Blue, reasonably priced. Call
931 -4 4 0 2 for further information.

Trucks:

'91 TOYOTA Corolla SR5, 4W D, AT,
all traction control, cruise control,
a /c , stereo, $5,300. Call 692-4723.
4/1 1/9 6

USED BOOKS at bargain prices in
the Good Buy Bookshop, Lovejoy
Library, Room 0 0 1 2, Wednesday and
Thursday, from 10 am to 2 pm. Spon­
sored by the Friends o f Lovejoy
Library. 4/2 5/9 6
'91 ISUZU IMPULSE xsl6 v,
p s/p m /a c/ste re o , moonroof by Lotus.
$5,000. Call Anita 931-5348.
5/2 2/9 6

4 /2 /9 6

OFFICE CLEANERS needed: Part-time
evenings and day work available in
the Edwardsville areas. Call 2588288. 4/9 /96
WESTERN ILLINOIS camp needs qual­
ified summer camp personnel June 1
to August 12. Positions included cook
and assistant plus 2 kitchen aides;
nurse, lifeguard, maintenance helper,
and directors for: nature recreation,
arts and crafts, and waterfront (need
wsi). Must be 18+. Volunteer coun­
selors needed for June. Call Kathy at
carrip at (217) 6 7 3 -3771. 4/2 /9 6
WE'RE BACK in town. M atrix/Logics
International Discover Hair show.
M ale and female models needed.
Free cuts, colors, and perms for those
selected at model call. A p ril 12th, 7
pm, Holiday Inn Convention Center
(West Room), 811 N. 9th St., St.
Louis. C a lll -80 0 -2 8 2-2 8 2 2, ext.
3 094 for additional information.
4/1 1/9 6

is th e p lace to

Economy • Mid Size
Luxury

4 /9 /9 6

next to Union Station, and

Cassens
RENT!
Cars:

W HY RENT? 2BR mobile home with
a /c , ceiling fan, refrig., stove, com­
munity pool, minutes from SIUE
$3 ,90 0 O.B.O. 6 9 2 -1 4 8 5 (leave
message). 4/1 1/9 6

Come to the
Administrative Office, located

Deadlines
Tuesday Publication: Noon Friday
Thursday Publication: Noon Tuesday

Adjustments

on the first day it appears. If
Please reod your
you connot rind your ad or discover an error in
your od, caH 692-3528 or come into the office.
Positively no allowance made for errors after the
first insertion of advertisement. No allowance of
correction will be mode without a receipt.
Placing Ads lo place a classified od, come to the
Office of Student Publications, located in the UC,
Rm 2022, and fill out o classifieds form.

All classifieds and personal must be
paid for before publication.

Alesile

LARGE THREE bedroom apartment
downtown Edwardsville. Call 2886672 after 6 p.m. 4/1 8/9 6

scholarships available to a l students.

Student
S up e rvisor
Positions

for biftng purposes, five (5) wcrdk equal one few}

Office Hours

Monday thru Friday: 8am - 4:30pm

GIANT CADEX 16in men's bicycle.
Aluminum frame, ridden very little.
Excellent condition, $500. Call
evening 2 8 8 -3 5 0 1 , day 692-0070,
ask for Shawn. 4/2 /9 6
BIRKENSTOCK SANDALS and shoes
discounted 10%. 23 styles in stock.
Repair center--we special order. M ail
order service available. (3 1 4 )9 2 6 3825. 6/2 6/9 6

REAL ESTATE FO R RENT
APARTMENTS A N D houses for rent.
Call Hartmann Realtors 24-hour hot­
line, 3 4 5 -7 7 7 1 . 4/9 /9 6
2 BEDROOM apartments and houses.
Collinsville, $ 325 - $500. Call Doug
at Hartman Realtors, 344-7900.

304-0326 or come by 4 2 6 7 Bohm
school Road. 4/2 /9 6
SINGLE FEAAALE to share 3-bedroom
duplex very nice. 1 /3 rent ($191.66)
and 1/ 3 utilities. Call 288-6956.
4 /4 /9 6

American Heart
Association. «
Fighting Heert

Asnm

A Call to Arms:
Check Blood
Pressure.

X II - WE are lean and mean, so
let's get our butts in gear!! Hunter,
Rooster, Mr. T.
DAVE: JUST a thanks for all the
things you've done for me. However,
I'm going to kick your butt to get
even! Love you, Marni.
G O O D LUCK to my fellow
Debonaires in the Delta Sigma Theta
Sorority Inc. 1996 Debonair Ball.
James.

Full size Ram
D akota- 8ft. Beds

Vans:

‘96 G rand Caravan
7 passenger
8-12-15 passenger

656-6070

CASSENS
RENTAL

Too many A m ericans die every year because they
d o n ’t get help a t th e first sign of a heart attack.
If you d o n ’t seek m edical help because you’ll be
embarrassed if it’s n o th in g ... th in k about how
m uch worse it will be if you d o n ’t get help, and
it’s som ething.
If you th in k you have symptoms, get medical
help fast.

American Heart
Association»
Fighting Heart Disease
and Stroke

To leam more, call 1-800-A H A -U S A 1, or
on lin e a t http://w w w .am hrt.org.

T h is space provided as a public service. © 1 9 96, Am erican Heart Association

H u y . 159
D o w n t o w n F.d w a r d s v ille
NEED MORE energy? A ll natural
products. Call 466-9825. 4/2 /96

American Heart
Association!
Fighting Heart Disease

WANT TO lose 25-30 lbs before sum­
mer. Call 466-9825. 4/2 /96
NEEDED: 2 female softball players
for Collinsville Sunday evening co-ed
team. Call 345-2616. 4/2 /9 6
STUDENT NEEDING inexpensive reli­
able car. Please call (618) 66727 7 4, 4/4 /96

ROO M M ATES

4/9 /96

1BR APARTMENT. Private entrance,
central air. Collinsville, 9 00 sq ft. ‘

692-3528

Know Your World. Read The Alestle.

PERSONALS

M O N E Y FOR
C O LLE G E

)

Rates
1 run: $.8(3 per line
(2 line minimum)
3 runs: $.75 per line
5 runs: $.7 0 per line
20 runs: $.65 per line
Personals: 5.25

includes trash pickup, water, and sewage

RESERVE SPACE now for Fall. Union
Street Apartments. Two Bedrooms,
fully eauipped kitchens, w asher/dryer
and cable hookup. Spacious apart­
ment in quiet wooded setting. 6561624. 4/25/96

LAURA ANDREWS attorney, free con­
sultation. Divorce, adoption, child
support. 4 5 2 -7 9 6 0 . 7/3 /9 6

HELP W A N T E D

Placing a classified ad

cars, trucks and

¡

RESUMES PROFESSIONALLY typeset.
Student papers spell checked. Fast
turnaround. The W ord Center. 6929673. Downtown Edwardsville.

Tuesday, April 2, 1996

1 Bedroom
Efficiency Apts.

ITEMS FO R SALE

?
Busy Bee
I Copy Service |

A l e s i l e

ROOMMATE WANTED: male nonsmoker share 2-bedroom, house
$165 mo., plus 1 /2 utilities. Call

Heart health can start on the playground.
It shouldn’t end there. Stay active through life.
Thirty minutes of physical activity 3-4 days a week
can help cut your risk of heart disease. For information, call
1-800-AHA-USA1, or online at http://www.amhrt.org.
This space provided as a public service. ©1996, American Heart Association

