Tuesday, January 9, 1996

w

e a t h e r

Wed: Cold, 45/25"
Thurs: Fairly cold, 39/24°
Fri: Chilly, 41/19°

S o u t h e r n Il l in o is U n iv e r s it y at E d w a r d s v il l e

Vol. 48 No.38

Alesile

ALTON, E A S T ST. LOUIS & EDWARDSVILLE

A Quick
Look Inside
3/ Editorial
DSS gets welldeserved thank you
from student—
PLUS
Parking situation
does not seem to be
any b etter—A N D
Roy reminisces
about 1995.
9/ Vital Knowledge
10/ Entertainment

Review of Father
and Son Levert
CD —PLUS
“Waiting to
Exhale” is
reviewed—A N D
Jennifer Casey
interviews M artin
14/ Sports

W om en’s basketball
wins four over
break; Men take
rollercoaster ride—
PLU S GLVC
standings and
Cougar stats
19/ Comics
20/ Classifieds

University ready to take drastic
measures to prevent phone fraud
“This could have some pretty dramatic
consequences for international students,”
They could face criminal charges in the
University Police and the Office of the United States and their home countries
Chancellor are continuing to work to find and their visas could possibly be voided,
students who were part of the $1.1 Neher said. “Those students should take
a d v an tag e
million phone fraud on campus.
So far, not too many students
_____ ------- U ----------------- --of it as
soon
as
have taken advantage of the
p o s s ib le ,”
amnesty program that the
school has offered to offenders, If students don’t take advantage of he said.
SI U E
which would allow them to the amnesty period, on the first of
avoid any possible legal action. March we will wind up arresting
P o l i c e
C h i e f
“As of last Friday, about 105 people.
people have turned themselves
Charles
in,” Vice Chancellor of
M cD onald
Kenneth Neher
said
that
Administration Kenneth Neher
Vice Chancellor o f
s
t
u
d
e
n
ts
said.
Administration
_____ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
“But that is no indication of
a r e
how many have left a message
so m e w h at
on the machine. The number has gone up responsive to the issue, but they should
since finals week,” Neher said.
realize that they (the university) have
The University sent letters home to all technology on their side.
students who lived on campus between
“If they don’t take this seriously, they
October 1993 and September 1995.
need to take a look at the technology
Many of the phone calls that were we’re working with. AT&T has possibly
made were international phone calls, but the most expensive and best tracking
many of those students have not turned record devices,” he said.
themselves in yet.
M cDonald also emphasized that
By Roy Gilmore
Editor in Chief

P a rk in g lots to be im p ro v e d
Firm selected to improve the parking lots and lighting on campus
By Melanie Adams
Assistant News Editor
The parking situation in Lot E
and the Visitors Pay Lot has been
the cause of many headaches for
students and faculty alike for many
months.
Student and faculty complaints
have been heeded.
According to R obert Vanzo,
D irector
of
Adm inistrative
Services, the parking lot situation
will be taken care of.
The University has hired HurstRosche Engineering Corporation to
complete the work on the lots.
“The work completed on the
lots is part of an overall package

College freshmen: a changing
breed
College
freshmen
are
voicing dwindling support for
casual sex and legal abortion,
which are declining for the
third
straight
year,
a
University
of
California
survey says. But they have
m ore
liberal
views
on
marijuana, with support for
legalization of the drug
reaching a 15-year high.

Chancellor
to President;
President to
Chancellor?
By Brian Walsh
News Editor

Terry Smith/Alestle
please see LOTS, page 2 Indistinguishable line s on parking lot B makes parking difficult.

i n
Prosecutors want prison time
for horse killer
Chicago prosecutors want
George Lindemann Jr. to spend
time in prison for the slaying of
his jumper, according to the U.S.
District Court in Chicago. They
also have asked the judge to
order Palm Beach County’s
richest family to pay a fine and
to pay back the insurance
collected after ordering the
electrocution death of his horse.

students should take advantage of the
amnesty period before it is too late.
“It’s only a m atter of putting
everything together. If they don't use the
amnesty program , the university will
definitely prosecute,” he said.
The university is still working to find
out who got the code and how it was
passed on to the students.
“The University has been working on
this for five months, and everyday we are
finding
out
more
inform ation,”
McDonald said.
“If students don’t take advantage of
the amnesty period, on the first of March
we will wind up arresting people,” Neher
said.
The amnesty program being offered
applies only to telephone fraud, and not
to any other criminal activity that might
come to light as a result of the
investigation. To take advantage of this
amnesty period, contact the University
Police at 692-5869.
“We are going to continue the
investigation
until
we’ve
caught
everyone,” McDonald said. “And this is
just the beginning.”

b

r

i

e

Unlike Building II and III,
the Presidents and Vice
Presidents
at
Southern
Illinois
University
at
Edwardsville
and
at
Carbondale,
and
the
Chancellor representing both
institutions, have switched
their titles.
Nancy Belck will now be
called Chancellor of SIUE.
Ted Sanders has accepted
the title of Chancellor and is
now the president of the
Universities.
And, finally, all vice
presidents will be known as
vice chancellors.

f

: President offers 7-year budget
| plan
President Clinton bowed to
; months of Republican demands
j Saturday and offered a sevenI year balanced-budget plan
i using Congressional Budget
i Office figures. This broke the
i stalemate in the White House
i budget talks and will allow the
j entire government to emerge
; from its three-week shutdown.

French soldier injured in
explosion
In a Sarajevo suburb Saturday,
a French soldier was injured in
an explosion while patrolling a
zone separating Muslims from
Serbs. He was the seventh
casualty since NATO took over
from the U.N. peacekeeping
force Dec. 20; on Thursday, an
Italian became the first NATO
soldier wounded by hostile
gunfire.

Husband kills wife and himself
to ease burden
On Friday, Jesse Johnson, an
elderly Rock Hill, S.C., man,
fatally shot his wife, Kate, then
himself, in what authorities
believe was an effort to spare
family members the burden of
caring for ailing parents.They
were discovered by their son in
separate rooms of their house,
the York County sheriff said.

Page

2

T h e

A l e s t l e

Lots____________________________

Around the World

from front page

State and Local-------------------------------------------LINC Inc. will hold grand opening
LIN C Inc. will hold a grand opening of its new office from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. Jan. 25.
The public is invited. LINC, the Living Independently Now Center, is a nonprofit,
community organization that serves people of all ages who have disabilities. LIN C ’s
new office is located at 120 E. A St., Belleville. M ayor Roger Cook and Emil Wilson,
President of the LIN C board of directors, will be on hand for a ribbon-cutting
cerem ony at 3:30 p.m.

National---------------------------------------------------Blizzard paralyzes eastern United States
A blizzard howled into the eastern U nited States and left much of the region
paralyzed, blocking roads and airports. Twenty deaths were blamed on the region’s
worst storm in 70 years. Thousands were left without power, and most travel by plane
and autom obile was nearly impossible. The governor of Pennsylvania took the
unusual step of declaring every roadway in the state closed. M ajor airports for
Washington; Baltimore; Philadelphia; Newark, New Jersey and New York City shut
down and converted their waiting areas into overnight shelters. Parts of Pennsylvania,
New Jersey and New York were expected to amass up to three feet (almost a m eter)
of snow on the ground by the end of Monday.

International______________________________________________
China to continue sale of nuclear weapons to Iran
A senior Chinese official pledged M onday that his country would continue nuclear
cooperation with Iran, an assertion likely to add to U.S. worries about Iran’s alleged
bid to acquire atomic weapons. China plans to sell Iran two 300-megawatt nuclear
energy reactors. Earlier this year, it joined Russia in rejecting U.S. appeals that they
halt nuclear cooperation with Iran. Washington suspects Iran of trying to obtain
atom ic weapons, a charge repeatedly denied by Tehran.

A Public Service of the USDA Forest Service
and your State Forester.

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

involving not only the lots themselves, but also the light
system, emergency phones and crosswalks,” Vanzo said.
The main concern of most students and faculty is
about the Visitor’s Lot, which is located behind the UC
and about Lot E, which is behind the Communications
Building. These lots have been sealed—meaning they
have been chipped, or rocked—and then lines have been
painted over them.
The problem with these lots is that rock from the lot
chips the paint on users’ vehicles when they come and go.
Also, these lots create a free-for-all: whoever can fit in
the lot does, because the lines in these lots are unclear
due to plowing during inclement weather.
Vanzo said that these lots will be resurfaced in the
future through the construction package provided by
Hurst-Rosch. The work will be done in cycles, depending
on the season and how badly the repair is needed.
“The Visitor’s Lot will most likely be repaved next
year, and Lot E will most likely be repaved either next
year or the year after,” Vanzo said.
The improvements in the lots will be made in the
order of urgency in which they are needed, Vanzo also
said.
When asked about the problem of overcrowding in
Lot E, Vanzo remarked that the green stickers sold for
the lot are oversold, based on the assumption that not
everyone would be parking on the lot at the same time.
The problem of space occurred in Lot E, according to
Vanzo, because of consolidations of areas into the
Communications Building.
“We will have to build another lot in that area to
accommodate the expansion,” Vanzo said.
The Visitor’s Lot and Lot E are not the only parking
areas which have been improved.
“Parking Lot 4 has additional lighting now, and the
old lights used primarily for decoration in the past were
scheduled to be taken down last week,” Vanzo said.

ONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES.

editorial
Tuesday, J a n u a ry 9, 1996

T h e

A l e s t l e

P age

3

letter to the editor.

Disability Support Services gets well-deserved ‘Thank You’
I wish to extend a heartfelt “thank you” to the
people who made last semester a reality rather than
a total waste of time, energy and money.
I missed the last six weeks of the semester and
was still able to get some very decent grades. The
help of strangers and friends came through at a very
critical time. The caliber of the students and the
professors came shining through with a satisfying
result. It does take an extra effort to help, but from
as little effort as these people extended to me, I have
reaped huge rewards.
The hardest aspect of a disability is that the
choices in life are taken away and you must work
with the hand dealt to you. It is not hard to imagine
the frustration that is felt as choices are dictated to
you.
My thanks go out to the following people: Sara
and Bill from calculus, H eather and Sara from
biology and Greg and Robert from chemistry. I
extend a big thanks to the people in Disability

Support Services. The staff was simply amazing. The
professors and teaching assistants went to extremes
to help out. Again, my thanks—you can rest assured
that the good Lord is smiling upon you.
All of this came about as a result of a little-known
service, which is available through the Disability
Support Services here on the university campus. I am
only the second person to use the service. The service
provided consisted of assignments and notes sent
daily to my house.
A proctor came to my house to give me my
quizzes and tests. This service is not for those who
miss class because of the common cold or flu or
those who will only be missing a little time. These
problems can be worked around with little re­
scheduling. This service is for those who have a
serious problem that causes large amounts of class to
be missed. This service is provided for those who
have completed a large portion of the semester with
good grades.

editorial---------------------------------------

1995 left me w ith m any
things to be thankful for
First off, I would like to say “Happy New Year” to everyone.
1995 was a good year.
When New Year’s Eve rolled
around, my friends and I found it as
just another excuse to party—not that
we really need one.
Usually I am in Waukegan, 111.,
ringing in the new year, but this year
it was not as fun at home as it usually
is.
Most of my friends aren’t in school
anymore or they never went and were
working. But there were a few who
really worried me. They were the ones
who I was really close to, but they seemed to be going nowhere. So,
instead of staying around them on New Year’s and probably
getting myself into trouble, I came back here. (Oh yeah, my
girlfriend was here too, so that was a little more incentive for me to
come back.)
When the new year rang in, I didn’t feel the same way I usually
feel. I’m usually very happy and want to keep partying until the sun
comes up, but this time was different.
After I hugged everyone around the party, I went to my room
and started thinking about things—things that I didn’t know I
really cared about. I mainly started thinking about what 1995
brought to me and took away from me.
1995 took some things away that I still miss. It took away my
uncle. It took away my great-grandmother—remember, the one
who could cook. It took away friends at home who could not get
out of the streets. By taking those things, it took away a part of me.
But 1995 did bring me things. It brought me this job as editor in
chief. It brought me one year closer to graduation. It brought me
Michael Jordan. It brought me my extremely wonderful girlfriend.
It brought me closer to my family. It brought me happiness that I
hadn’t had in a long time.
Then I sat down and thought about my friends at home, my
friends at school and how lucky I am to have them still around me.
Then I prayed that 1996 will be even better than 1995, that my
friends continue to grow stronger and that I, as a person, continue
to grow spiritually and mentally.
Then I got up, looked out of the window at the sky and said,
“Thank You.”

1 extend my thanks again to Jane Dabbs and her
wonderful staff. Paul Phillips, Leah O ’Brien and of
course, Dr. Thomerson, you folks have my deepest
gratitude. I hope your gesture inspires others who
may one day be approached with the opportunity to
assist someone like myself with his accomplishment
during a period of unfortunate circumstance.
A special' thanks goes to Dennis Staley of the
chemistry department. A couple of years ago I was
going to just give up and he convinced me by his
energy and the love of his calling to keep plugging
along.
I am a junior who has switched to a biology major.
The biggest factor is that 1 was able to keep my
classes in proper sequence—a most important point.
My sincere thanks to all,
Lloyd Owens

letter to the editor-

Some things are not so pretty in pink
What is up with all of these parking
tickets given out on campus?
I do not think that there is a person on
campus who has not received a ticket.
There are some circumstances where
people did deserve the ticket that they
received, but there are many that were
really not needed.
On two occasions I had parked near
the Rendlem an Building for a few
minutes. My meter had just run over no
more than five minutes, and when I got
to my car, there it was. A nice little pretty

pink ticket. This is really crazy—I had to
pay ten dollars for five minutes on an
expired meter. It seems that people can
get a ticket if they are picking their nose
while parked. 1 am surprised that I have
not heard a story about that yet.
I think that the m eter people need to
just settle down a bit. Give tickets when
they are due, but not when it’s
unneccesary.
A concerned student
Jeff J. Brandon-Bell

letter to the editor.

Parking tickets getting out of hand
1 am writing to you in regards to the
abundance of parking tickets being issued.
I think it is totally ridiculous that people
are getting their cars broken into and
having their belongings stolen while we
pay some joker to walk around issuing
parking tickets.
These parking citations, most of the
time, are for unreasonable things. I
received a parking ticket for parking in a
deserted parking lot just because I had the
wrong color sticker. I think that if we are
paying tuition, and still have to buy a
L e t t e r s t o t h e e d i t o r p o lic y :
P le a s e s u b m it le tte rs
t y p e w r itte n in 5 0 0 w o r d s o r
le s s . P l e a s e i n c l u d e p h o n e
n u m b e r a n d s ig n a tu re .
"We r e s e r v e t h e r i g h t t o
e d it le tte r s to th e e d ito r.
L e t t e r s t o t h e e d i t o r w ill
n o t b e p rin te d
a n o n y m o u s ly e x c e p t u n d e r
e x tr e m e c irc u m s ta n c e s .
T h e A l e s t l e is a m e m b e r
o f th e Illin o is C o lle g e P r e s s
A s s o c ia tio n .
T h e n a m e A l e s t l e is a n
a c ro n y m d e riv e d fro m th e
n a m e s o f th e th re e c a m p u s
l o c a t i o n s o f S IT JE : A l t o n ,
E a s t S t. L o u i s a n d
E d w a rd s v ille .
T h e A l e s t l e is p u b l i s h e d
o n T u esd ay s a n d T h u rsd a y s
d u r in g fa ll a n d s p r in g
s e m e s te rs , a n d o n
■ W e d n e sd a y s d u r i n g
s u m m e r s e m e s te rs . F o r
m o r e i n f o r m a t i o n , c a ll
( 6 1 8 ) 6 9 2 -3 5 2 8 .

parking sticker, we should be able to park
anywhere.
Another example of unneeded parking
tickets is one my friend received for not
putting his sticker in the right location.
This situation is getting out of hand.
Why don’t you pay someone to pick up
trash or fix those cow pastures you call
parking lots instead of walking around
gathering tickets for this penny-pinching
school?
Derrick Ward
New s
E d it o r -B r ia n W a ls h
A s s is t a n t -M e la n ie A d a m s
P h o to
E d it o r -J e r e m y P a s c h a l 1
A s s is ta n t-V a c a n t
L ife sty le
E d it o r -D a r r y l H o w le t t
A s s is ta n t-J e n n ife r C a s e y
Sp orts
E d i to r -E li S a v o ie
A s s is ta n t-T o d d S p a n n
C o p y E d itors
C h ie f-L e ig h R a m s e y
L in d s e y "W r ig h t
J e s s i c a K .lin k .e
P r o d u c tio n A ss is ta n t
L e s le y H u n s c h e
A d v e r tisin g D e p a r tm e n t
S a le s M a n a g e r -M a t t L a r s o n
J e n n ife r C o v e r
T o d d V o lz
C ircu latio n
vacant
S tu d e n t S e creta ries
TVudy T V over
A im e e M u n o z
E d ito r in C h ie f
R o y G ilm o r e

T h e A le s tle
C a m p u s B o x 1167
E d w a rd s v ille IL , 62026-1167

Page

4

T h e

A l e s t l e

Firefighters charged with drunk driving still on payroll
BILOXI, Miss. (A P)—A firefighter and fire captain are still on the payroll weeks after
both were charged with drunk driving. The firefighter also was charged with possession of
m arijuana with intent to sell.
Biloxi public relations m anager Vincent Creel said the city is investigating the incidents
but has to be careful not to infringe on the m en’s rights.
Both arrests occurred when the men were off-duty.
Biloxi Fire Capt. Larry Fountain, 54, was arrested on Dec. 22 and charged with driving
under the influence and failure to yield. The police report states that Fountain had a blood
alcohol level of .171 and that he told officers he had seven or eight beers.
In Mississippi, a blood alcohol level of .10 is the level at which a person is legally drunk.
Fountain is still working and on the payroll.
Firefighter Lancelot Linenberger, 30, was arrested on Dec. 14 and charged with
possession of m arijuana with the intent to sell, driving under the influence, reckless
driving and running a stop sign.
As a result of his arrest, Linenberger is on administrative leave, meaning he can’t go to
work but still gets paid.
U nder Civil Service regulations, the city has num erous options for disciplining the men
before their guilt or innocence is determ ined in court.
Some of the city’s options are suspending the men without pay, demoting them or firing
them.
Police reports read that police stopped Linenberger as he sped through a stop sign on
Porter Avenue, that he was belligerent to officers, that he had a blood-alcohol level of
.137, and that two bags of m arijuana was found in his glove com partm ent and a m arijuana
cigarette was found on the car floor.
City rules allow Biloxi officials to discipline employees for transgressions such as
“conduct detrim ental to the departm ent or city, including dishonesty, intem perance,
immoral conduct, insubordination, discourteous treatm ent of the public or a fellow
employee, or any other act of omission or commission tending to injure the public
service.”
The city passed a drug-testing policy in November. U nder the policy, Biloxi randomly
tests employees. One-fifth of employees have already been tested, and M ayor A.J.
Holloway has said he will fire anyone who refuses the test.

©TARGET.
IS C O M IN G T O
W D R D S V ILLEI
Target, the nation’s premier discounter, is seeking friendly people for great
careers in our new Edwardsville store. Come to our Job Festival and learn
how you can join our exciting team. Visit with us and learn why Target is
a Fast, Fun, and Friendly place to work and shop. You will hear about the
following Target opportunities:

✓ Cashier/Service Desk Team
✓ Sales Team
✓ Stocking and Receiving Team
✓ Food Service Team

Visit our Job Festival at Comfort Inn
3080 South State Route 157
Edwardsville, IL 62025
on the following days
Thursday, January 11,1996 10 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Friday, January 1 2 ,1 9 9 6 1 0 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Saturday, January 13,1996 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Located just off Route 157 at 3080 South State

Target offers competitive wages, flexible hours, benefits, and a smoke tree environment.

Store Hours: Sunday through Saturday 8 a.m. -10 p.m.

We can hardly wait to meet you.

©TARGET.
An Equal Opportunity Employer

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

Federal agents kept suburb
an cops under surveillance
NORTHLAKE, 111. (A P)—Federal agents targeted two
ranking police officers in suburban Chicago during an
investigation of organized crime, documents indicate.
The agents who were looking into alleged gambling and vice
operations used electronic surveillance for nearly the full year
of 1994 on former Northlake Police Chief Seymour Sapoznik
and former Stone Park Police Lt. Thomas R. Tucker, court
records revealed.
Sapoznik spent most of his 31-year police career in Stone
Park, rising to police chief there before moving on to take the
same post in Northlake.
Under federal law, permission for the tapping of Sapoznik’s
office telephone and the bugging of Tucker’s automobile had to
be renewed on a month-to-month basis by the chief U.S.
District Court judge.
Sapoznik and Tucker both retired early last year, authorities
said. Sapoznik stepped down after he and Northlake Mayor
Reid Paxson were found guilty of violating a police officer’s
civil rights. Tucker reportedly resigned after he was informed
about the surveillance early last year.
W hen wiretaps are com pleted, authorities are legally
required to inform anyone whose conversation was intercepted.
Court documents also indicated that a judge had approved
surveillance of the Chicago office of Anthony Centracchio, 67,
of Oak Brook, who was once described as a top lieutenant of
former Chicago mob enforcer Joseph "Joey the Clown”
Lombardo. The surveillance of Centracchio reportedly
involved the planting of a hidden closed-circuit television
camera in his office.
Spokesmen for the U.S. Attorney’s office and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation declined comment on the operations,
but defense attorneys and court records indicated they were
part of a four-year federal grand jury investigation of alleged
police corruption in the western Chicago suburbs. The
corruption allegedly involved the protection of mob-owned
gambling machines and vice operations in taverns.
Paxson said he and other Northlake village officials,
including the current police chief, were cooperating with the
investigation, which he characterized as focusing on Stone
Park, rather than his community.
“There have been no subpoenas,” Paxson said. "We do
know that our current police chief is talking with FBI agents
regarding Mr. Sapoznik, but there is no indication that it goes
beyond Sapoznik.
Jesus Espinosa, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Stone
Park in 1994, said he had many times told authorities that police
in his community were protecting corruption, gambling and
prostitution.
“Everyone knew Stone Park was as corrupt as Sodom, but
no one wanted to do anything about it,” Espinosa said.

Democrats push cut in
slate income fax
LANSING, Mich. (A P)—Dem ocratic legislators are
drafting bills to reduce state income taxes on individuals,
but Republicans say they want to move slowly.
The proposed cuts would reduce taxes by $2 billion over
five years.
The Democrats propose to cut the tax rate gradually
from 4.4 percent to 3.9 percent and to increase the $2,400
personal exemption by several hundred dollars. They also
would give tax credits for college tuition and child and
elder care.
“We worked hard last year on reducing taxes on
businesses, and that was warranted, but now we need to
focus on putting people in position to be complete players
in this economy,” said Rep. Kirk Profit, D-Ypsilanti.
Gov. John Engler signed nine tax cuts last year but wants
to wait until spring before he considers any further cuts.
“For this to be acceptable, we’d have to see real numbers
explaining how they plan to pay for it,” said Engler
spokesman John Truscott. “Clearly all these items can’t be
financed by anticipated growth.”

T h e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

A l e s i l e

Page

Commonwealth Edison fined for Cordova
nuclear plant's tripped circuit breaker
LISLE, 111. (AP)—The Nuclear Regulatory
Commission has proposed a $50,000 fine against
Commonwealth Edison Co. for a circuit breaker
problem at the Quad Cities power plant, the
agency said Wednesday.
A breaker at the plant’s Unit 2 reactor tripped
because of excessive current on Oct. 4. The
incident interrupted power to some equipment
but the Cordova, 111., plant continued to
operate.
The company said added electrical obligations
at the plant had caused the overload as circuit

b reaker setting had not been adjusted to
account for the increased powder.
The NRC, based in Lisle, said the utility was
cited because a similar problem had occurred at
Edison’s Dresden nuclear power plant only a year
earlier.
ComEd spokesman Gary Wald said the circuit’s
setting has since been raised to the correct level.
“At no time was there any danger to the public,
nor did the tripping of the breaker reduce the
safety of the plant,” he said in an interview.
ComEd has until Feb. 1 to pay the fine or
protest it.

The River Bluff Review. SIUE’s student
literary magazine, is now soliciting
manuscripts for its spring issue. All SIUE
students are eligible to submit up to 5 poems
and 2 short stones ( with a 20-page maximum
for each.) Students should submit a brief bio
and a self-addressed stamped envelope with
their submission and send it by January 25
to:
River Bluff Review
d o English Department
Box 1431
SIUE
v
Edwardsville, IL 62026
For further information, contact Allison
Funk, English Department, at 692-2060.

H
jjN
flO
N
A
L
S
T
U
D
E
N
T
S
0
Q|
IN
't e

¿Sto

« * jO

°U T U{
Th e Ethnic Flair Com m ittee of the University Center
Board would like to invite new and returning
international students to a social. Why? So you can
m eet other students and find out about what activities
the Ethnic Flair Com m ittee has planned for international
students this semester!

Wednesday, January 10, 1996
Goshen Lounge, University Center
6:00 PM to 8:30 PM
R E FR E S H M E N TS W ILL BE PRO VIDED !

UC&
UNIVERSITY C E N T E R

BOARD

5

UC&
UNI VERSI TY

CENTER

BOARD

T h e

Page 6

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

R iverboats to h elp fu n d h o t
lines fo r com pulsive g a m b le rs

\\e\V
t f

S p ° tts p ‘

A l e s t l e

A w

Those interested in
a reporters
position, please
contact Eli Savoie,
Sports Editor, or
Brian Walsh, News
Editor, at the
Alestle: ¿92-3528!

SPRINGFIELD, 111. (AP) _ A decision by
Illinois riverboat casinos to finance a statewide
hot line for compulsive gamblers is a positive
first step, an advocate for addicted gamblers
said.
“It’s very critical that somebody knows help is
a phone call away with somebody who
understands compulsive gambling. That’s why a
gambling-specific hot line is so important,” said
Chris Anderson of the Illinois Council on
Problem and Compulsive Gambling.
The casinos on Feb. 1 will fund the toll-free
hot line, whose services will be available to
persons addicted to any form of gambling, said
Robert Swaim, executive director of the Illinois
Riverboat Gaming Council, the association for
the state’s 10 casinos.
The boats will budget about $500,000 a year
but are prepared to pay whatever is necessary,
Swaim said. Some boats already started setting
up their own hot lines, and the council decided it
would be better to have one central number,
Swaim said.
“We think it’s a good step forward,” said
Mike Lawrence, spokesman for Gov. Jim Edgar.
“But our view was it would require $2 million to
adequately fund the law for compulsive
gamblers.
“So we’ll have to revisit the issue to see if
additional state money would be needed above
and beyond the $500,000 to adequately fund the
services that they needed,” Lawrence said.
Rep. Rosemary Mulligan, R-Des Plaines,
championed the law to establish a hot line
program through the Department of Alcohol

and Substance Abuse to educate and counsel
the public about gambling.
But the state did not fund the program.
Mulligan had hoped the hot line would be
funded with money generated by Edgar’s
proposal to raise taxes on lucrative riverboats
and cut them on the struggling casinos. The
majority of new funds were to go to education.
While Mulligan is pleased riverboat owners
have recognized the problem of compulsive
gambling, she feared their program would
displace the state hot line.
“I don’t think we should give away control to
the industry that is causing the problem ,”
Mulligan said.
Doug Dobmeyer, legislative chair for the
Religious Task Force to Oppose Increased
Legalized Gambling, questioned whether any
counseling services would be available for hot
line callers.
“A referral hot line without any real
counseling or services to back it up is sort of an
empty gesture,” he said.
Allen said a proposal is on the table for
riverboat casinos to provide money to the
Council on Problem and Compulsive Gambling
to train professionals to provide education and
public awareness.
The riverboat industry is working with
Bensinger DuPonte Associates, the consultants
who helped the Illinois Gaming Board review
the availability of gambling treatment in Illinois,
and the Illinois Council on Problem and
Compulsive Gambling, Swaim said.
Riverboat license holders have each
contributed $25,000 to the Illinois Council on
Problem and Compulsive Gambling in previous
years, he said.

Now Available At
University Center Print &JDesign
692-2178 Open: Monday - Friday
8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.

Great for presentation work or
making color enlargements of baby pictures!

Tuesday, January 9 , 1996

T h e

A l e s i l e

Police Beat
Theft Under
On Dec. 7, at 10:37 a.m., officers responded to the A rt and Design Building
in reference to a theft. A fem ale student reported that som eone stole her
black Sony CD /AM /FM cassette player, value unknown, and one compact
disc, value $15. The com pact disc was inside the stereo. Police are continuing
their investigation.
On Dec. 7, at 1:58 p.m., officers responded to Tower Lake A partm ents in
reference to a theft. A fem ale student reported som eone stole her wallet,
which contained $150, a credit card and various other identification. Police
are continuing their investigation.
On Dec. 15, at 1:46 p.m., officers responded to the Peck Building in
reference to a theft. A fem ale faculty m em ber stated someone gained entry
into her office in N ovem ber and stole the following items: a checkbook, a
small digital clock, $12 and one pound of candy. Police are continuing their
investigation.
O n Dec. 15, at 10:29 a.m., officers took a telephone report regarding a theft.
A male faculty m em ber stated som eone stole his blue SIU E parking decal
from Lot 2. Police are continuing their investigation.

Theft Over
On Dec. 7, at 3:27 p.m., officers responded to the A lton D ental School in
reference to a theft. A male student reported som eone stole a slow speed
dental hand drill, valued at $950. Police are continuing their investigation.

Theft from a Motor Vehicle

Page

Federal agents kept suburban
cops under surveillance
NORTHLAKE, III. (AP) _ Federal agents targeted two ranking
police officers in suburban Chicago during an investigation of
organized crime, documents indicate.
The agents who were looking into alleged gambling and vice
operations used electronic surveillance for nearly the full year of
1994 on former Northlake Police Chief Seymour Sapoznik and
former Stone Park Police Lt. Thomas R. Tucker, court records
revealed.
Under federal law, permission for the tapping of Sapoznik’s
office telephone and the bugging of Tucker’s automobile had to be
renewed on a month-to-month basis by the chief U.S. District
Court judge.
Sapoznik and Tucker both retired early last year, authorities said.
Sapoznik stepped down after he and Northlake Mayor Reid
Paxson were found guilty of violating a police officer’s civil rights.
Tucker reportedly resigned after he was informed about the
surveillance early last year.
Court documents also indicated that a judge had approved
surveillance of the Chicago office of Anthony Centracchio, 67, of
Oak Brook, who was once described as a top lieutenant of former
Chicago mob enforcer Joseph “Joey the Clown” Lombardo. The
surveillance of Centracchio reportedly involved the planting of a
hidden closed-circuit television camera in his office.
Spokesmen for the U.S. Attorney’s office and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation declined comment on the operations, but
defense attorneys and court records indicated they were part of a
four-year federal grand jury investigation of alleged police
corruption in the western Chicago suburbs. The corruption
allegedly involved the protection of mob-owned gambling
machines and vice operations in taverns.
Paxson said he and other Northlake village officials, including the
current police chief, were cooperating with the investigation,
which he characterized as focusing on Stone Park, rather than his
community.
"There have been no subpoenas,” Paxson said. "We do know
that our current police chief is talking with FBI agents regarding
Mr. Sapoznik, but there is no indication that it goes beyond
Sapoznik.
Jesus Espinosa, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Stone Park
in 1994, said he had many times told authorities that police in his
community were protecting corruption, gambling and prostitution.

On Dec. 7, at 10:50 a.m., officers responded to the A rt and Design parking
lot in reference to a theft. A male faculty m em ber stated som eone gained
entry into his vehicle and stole a white service decal. Police are continuing
their investigation.
On Dec. 7, at 12:06 p.m., officers responded to the Tower Lake
A partm ents Lot 5E in reference to a burglary. A female student reported
someone broke out her rear passenger side vent window to gain entry and
stole a Sony CD player, valued at $300. Police are continuing their
investigation.

IM0 'S
P

I

Z

Z

A

Pizza • Pasta • Salads • Sandwiches
1100 HWY 157 SO. (At Center Grove)

Traffic Accident
On Dec. 7, at 1:04 p.m., officers responded to the East St. Louis campus in
reference to a traffic accident. The right side of a University vehicle was
damaged and shattered glass was found on the pavement. The driver, later
identified as Jamila A janaka, 38, of St. Louis, received a state citation for
im proper right hand turn and for failure to report an accident to police
authority. The estim ated dam age to the van is over $500.
O n Dec. 8, at 12:28 p.m., officers responded to East University Drive in
reference to an accident. Julie A rm bruster, 28, of Edwardsville was traveling
westbound when her vehicle lost traction and struck a second vehicle driven
by M arty Lowry, 22, of Edwardsville. A rm bruster’s vehicle continued to skid
and struck a third vehicle driven by D ena Zotti, 18, of G ranite City.
Edw ardsville A m bulance responded and took A rm bruster to O liver
Anderson Hospital. Z o tti’s vehicle was towed away by Cross Towing. No
citations were issued due to the w eather conditions.
On Dec. 8, at 12:50 p.m., officers responded to N orth University Drive in
reference to a traffic accident. Julie Nighohossian, 18, of Edwardsville, was
traveling northbound and pulled off the side of the roadway to assist another
motorist. Pearl Campbell, 31, of Edwardsville was also traveling northbound
when she slid on the snow and struck Nighohossian's vehicle. There were no
injuries and no citation issued.
O n Dec. 12, at 6:15 p.m., officers took a desk report in reference to a traffic
accident. M areo D oran, 28, of East St. Louis, stated he parked his vehicle in
Lot A and when he returned, som eone had damaged the left rear bum per and
the taillight area. The dam age is estim ated to be over $500. Police are
continuing their investigation.

7

692-6100
Mon. - Thurs. 10:00 am -1 1 :0 0 pm
Fri. and Sat. 10:00 am -1 :0 0 am
Sunday 10:00 am -1 1 :0 0 pm

I
I
I
I

I

m
i Yi
I l f -

FI .
T

;

îtm ù m

1

, lUitiH * Coupon P«r # Purchase,
gpouport Expires in 3 0 day»». Must
Jpresent Coupon. Please mention'
'coupon when ordering By Phone. Not*

Pizza To,

'rovel Cheese

NO LIMIT
Pickup & Delivery

T h e

Page 8

A l e s t l e

Edgar renew push for McDome
as future home for Chicago Bears
SPRINGFIELD, 111. (AP)—Gov. Jim Edgar
on Thursday said he is pursuing with renewed
interest plans to expand Chicago’s McCormick
Place to include a dom ed home for the
Chicago Bears.
The governor said preliminary figures show
such a multipurpose facility could be built
without any state, regional or local tax
increases, but would require the football team
to play a major role in its financing.
“We’re looking at the possibility of
expanding McCormick Place without asking
m ore from the taxpayers and by taking
advantage of the fact that the Bears might put
up a couple hundred million dollars to make
this become a reality that we wouldn’t have
otherwise,” he said.
During a Statehouse news conference,
Edgar said earlier in the day he told James
Reilly, head of the authority that oversees the
McCormick Place convention center, to
prepare specific plans for a facility that could
handle as many as 50,000 to 60,000
conventioneers at a time.
“If it can also take care of the needs of the
Bears and attract a Super Bowl or two, that has
some positive attributes,” he added.
Bears spokesman Bryan Harlan said the
team had no immediate reaction.
“We’ve always said if th ere’s a dome
alternative we’d be willing to listen,” he added.
“It sounds like it could be (an alternative), but
it’s a little prem ature to say.”
Edgar’s comments came a day after Chicago
Mayor Richard Daley said he would support
the governor’s so-called McDome plans if

financing can be shared statewide or, at least,
throughout the six-county Chicago area, and if
the Bears agree to repay taxpayers for all
public costs of the stadium should the team
decide to leave the city before its lease runs
out.
Daley spokesman Jim Williams argued it
would be premature to say what it would take
for the project Edgar envisions.
“Until there’s a plan on paper that an
architect designs that gives us a much better
idea what the construction costs would be and
what the cost would be around the stadium ...
no one can say what the requirements are
going to be” in terms of revenue, he said.
Edgar said indications were that the project
could be realized through the Bears’ help and
existing McCormick Place revenue, which
include taxes on restaurant meals, hotels,
rental cars, and airport taxicabs.
Last year, Edgar pushed for a $340 million
domed stadium on the lakefront to keep the
Bears from leaving Chicago, but backed off at
least temporarily as Daley pursued a plan to
renovate the Bears’ existing home at Soldier
Field.
Daley said Wednesday that city officials had
been informed by the Bears that the team had
rejected his proposed $156 million renovation
for Soldier Field and that it was interested in a
covered stadium near McCormick Place.
A nother proposal the Bears have been
considering is a $482 million stadiumentertainment center proposed for a site near
Gary, Ind., 25 miles south of downtown
Chicago.

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

Jordan case focuses on body
LUMBERTON, N.C. (AP)—Prosecutors in the trial of a
man charged with killing Michael Jordan’s father showed
jurors photographs to rebut the defense suggestion that the
body could be that of someone else.
A ttorneys for Daniel A ndre G reen seized upon a
coroner’s testimony Friday that the body of James Jordan
was cremated four days after it was found in a South
Carolina swamp Aug. 3, 1993.
Defense attorneys contend the cremation was a major
flaw in the murder investigation. They have asked witnesses
whether the decomposing body could have been someone
other than the basketball star’s father.
District Attorney Johnson Britt persuaded the judge to let
the jury see two photos of the body to show that the clothing
matched clothing jurors saw in photos of Jordan alive.
The defense strongly objected.
“The intent is to use these photos to inflame the jury,”
defense attorney Angus Thompson said.
Judge Gregory Weeks ruled the jury could see two of the
three pictures Britt wanted to use. He also ruled that the jury
could see autopsy photos because they showed detail the
other pictures did not. The jury has not yet seen the autopsy
photos.
Prosecutors say the 57-year-old Jordan was shot to death
July 23,1993, in his Lexus as he napped along a highway near
Lumberton.
Tim Brown, coroner of Marlboro County, S.C., testified
that Jordan’s body was cremated four days after it was found
because his county had no refrigerated place to store a body.
Brown testified that the hands and jaw were preserved for
identification with fingerprint and dental records. Those
parts were not cremated until Aug. 14, 1993, the day before
James Jordan’s funeral, he said.
Larry Martin Demery, 20, pleaded guilty to murder,
robbery and conspiracy charges last April and agreed to
testify against Green, his longtime friend.
Green, 21, is charged with murder, armed robbery and
conspiracy to commit armed robbery. He could be sentenced
to death if convicted.

A Happy,
Happy
Birthday
January 24
Join the party! Hot Stuff celebrates
all birthdays today at lunch with festive
foods and, of course, cake.
Lower Level of the University Center

Chili Challenge
January 8 -12
Are you up to a challenge? Each day this week,
Hot Stuff will serve hotter and hotter chili
Come by for lunch!
Lower Level o f the University Center

$ 3 .9 9

Salad Bar
January 16
Today only at the University Restaurant, eujuy
our All-You-Care-To-Eat Salad Bar for $3.99.
Second Floor o f the University Center

Dunking
January 25
One Day Only!!
3 Breadsticks,
Breadstick Sauce,
& Cheese Sauce
$1.25
at Pizza Hut Express.
Lower Level of the University Center

T h e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

Sunday

Monday

Tuesday

A l e s i l e

Wednesday T h u r s d a y
Dr. Martin Luther King
Jr., Luncheon—11:30 a.m.
- 1p.m.

15

Friday
12

11

10

14

Page

9

Saturday
13
Sexual Assault Victims .
First training—8:30 a.m.
to 5 p.m.

Madison County
Genealogical Society
meeting

16

83rd Sculpture and Fine
Crafts Exhibition
reception—2 p.m. to 4
p.m.
Music of the Viennese
Masters—2 p.m.

January 11

$100 donation is required
from board members.
Persons of diversity are
encouraged to attend. A
primary requirement
for
all
board
members is a
desire to see
the needs of
victims of
s e x u a l
assault
come first.
For more
inform ation
or to register
for
training,
call Susan Sticha
at (618)344-0609.

Genealogical Society

January 14

The
M adison
County
Genealogical Society will hold
its monthly meeting on
Thursday at 7 p.m., in the
Fellowship M eeting room,
which
is
wheelchair
accessible, of the Immanuel
United M ethodist Church,
800 N. Main St., Edwardsville.
Following the business
meeting, a video on the
Orphan Train will be shown.
The Orphan Train ran from
the east coast to the Midwest
during the mid-1800s and
early 1900s.
Guests are welcome and
membership is open to all
interested persons.
For information about the
society, call Elsie Wasser at
(618)656-2299 or write to:
Madison
County
Genealogical Society, P.O.
Box 631, Edwardsville, 111.
62035-0631.

Exhibition
The 83rd Annual Sculpture
and Fine Crafts Exhibition,
which is juried by the St. Louis
Artists’ Guild, opens Sunday
with a public reception from 2
p.m. to 4 p.m. The show
continues through Feb. 7 at
the Guild, which is newly
located at Two Oak Knoll
Park, St. Louis, Mo. 63105.
This exhibition is for
members and non-members
and is juried by John
M cNaughton
of
the
University
of
Southern
Indiana. It features a variety
of mediums.
This exhibit is made
possible in part by grants from
the
Regional
Arts
Commission and The Arts and
Education Council.
For more information, call
(314)727-9599.

January 10
Dr. King Luncheon
Southern Illinois University
at Edwardsville will host a
M artin
Luther
King
Luncheon Wednesday at 11:30
a.m. in the Meridian Ballroom
of the University Center.
Awards will be given to
students, faculty and staff .
For more information
contact Conferences and
Institutes at 692-2660.

January 13
Victims First
On Jan. 13 from 8:30 a.m.
until 5 p.m., Sexual Assault
Victims First (SAV-1) will
hold a training session for all
persons interested in serving
on the Board of Directors.
Potential members are
needed from all communities
in Madison County. SAV-1 is a
community-owned
organization, which serves
sexual assault and abuse
clients from the entire area.
After training, the primary
responsibilities of board
members involve setting
policies and raising funds. A

Viennese Masters
Visit the ballrooms of
Vienna right here in St. Louis.
The
Missouri
Historical
Society presents the Laclede
Q uartet
at
a
special
perform ance of “Viennese
Bon Bons” at 2 p.m. on
Sunday at the Missouri
History M useum in Forest
Park.
The quartet will be
perform ing
all
four
movements of “Eine Kleine
Nacht M usik” (“A Little
Night Music”) by Mozart,
including the following: “The
E m peror Waltz,” “Vienna
Life,” “The New Pizzicato
Polka” and “Thunder and
Lighting Polka.”
The Missouri Historical

Society, located at the
Missouri History Museum in
Forest Park, is open Tuesday
through
Sunday
from 9:30 a.m.
to 5 p.m.

Admission
to
the
museum and its
exhibitions is free. For general
information, call (314)7464599.

This space
free to any
organization
on campus
You can’t get a better
offer than this. At no
cost to you. we will run
announcements of any
activities your
organization will be
doing for a specific day
or week. All you have to
do is drop the
information off at the
Office of Student
Publications fthe office
formerly known as the
AlestleJ by Friday at
4:30 to be Printed the
following week in the
Alestle.
That’s all. There are no
strings attached.
Start getting your
organization’s activities
printed in the Vital

Knowledge section of
the Alestle and watch
more people begin to
show up at your
functions. So what are

Bowling &
m Billiards

Tournament

2

IS

Sign up for the ACU-I games
tournament (1/25-27/96). Bring this ad
to the Recreation Center by January 24
and get THREE FREE bowling
games or 1 HOUR FREE
f billiards with paid entry.

■
«5 «
AWAY FROM HOME

U N I V E R S I T Y

C E N T E R

Attention
Students:

Specific types of student Directory Information are made
available to the general public. Under Public Law 96-380
as am ended, the University may make accessible to any
person external to the U niversity "Directory
Information" in conformity with the law. Notice is there­
fore given that the information listed below will be avail­
able to any person inquiring to such date for each stu­
dent adm itted to SIUE unless the student files a written
objection prohibiting release of this information. This
w ritten objection m ust be filed w ith the Office of
Admissions and Records no later than January 19,1996.
This objection will be remain in effect until the student
files a written cancellation w ith the Office of Admissions
and Records.

Directory Information includes the following:
1. Student Name
2. Student Address and telephone number (local and
Permanent)
3. Current attempted hours
4.Classification (Freshman, Sophomore, etc.)
5. Student program information (college, major, and minor)
6. Dates of Attendance
7. Degrees and honors earned
8. The most recent educational agency or institution attended
9.Participation in officially recognized activity or sport
10. Weight and height of members of athletic teams
11. Date of Birth

Important note: In order to receive your grade report,
you must maintain your current address with the
Office o f Admissions and Records.

entertainment
Page

10

T h e A l e s t l e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

Alestle raps with 'Father of the Bride7 star M artin Short
By Jennifer Casey
Assistant Lifestyle Editor
Martin Short is one busy man.
Short’s latest film, “Father of the Bride: Part II,”
which also stars Steve Martin, Diane Keaton,
Kimberly Williams and George Newbern, is getting
rave reviews. Interviews on “Good Morning
America,” “The Tonight Show with Jay Leno” and a
telephone interview with the Alestle have kept Short
engaged with promoting the film.
Short can also be found on stage in Los Angeles’
Geffen Playhouse, starring in John Patrick Stanley’s
“Four Dogs and a Bone,” which is under the
direction of Lawrence Kasdan.
In his interview with the Alestle, Short discussed
his character in “FOTB 2,” Franck (pronounced
Fronk) Eggelhoffer. The Franck character made his
debut in “Father of the Bride: Part I” as a
flamboyant, eccentric, high-voiced wedding
coordinator. He returns in the second movie as a
baby shower coordinator, eccentric as ever.
Short talked about the differences in the
relationship that Franck had with the other
characters in the movie.
“There was a strong joke in the first film ... Steve
(Martin) couldn’t understand Franck, but the women Martin Short stars in the holiday hit comedy “Father of the Bride: Part II” with Steve Martin. Here he is
could. That’s not there in the second movie,” Short
shown with Diane Keaton and Kimberly Williams doing arobics during their pregnancy.
said.
When asked if he and Franck had anything in
common, Short laughed and said quite clearly
Short laughed about the show’s cancellation and remarked that “there is no squarer
“Nothing!”
group than NBC executives.”
Short got his start in the acting business in college theater. A social work major at
Short also gave his thoughts on doing a one-man show or film to showcase one of
McMaster University, Short said that he was “constantly doing theater ... I took a year his Saturday Night Live characters.
off from school and kept with it.”
“I’ve thought about the one-man show, but stand-up comedy isn’t really what I want
His first professional production was “Godspell,” and 10 years later, in 1982, he to focus on,” Short said.
joined Canada’s “SCTV Comedy Network,” where he worked with comic greats Rick
He also compared his portrayal of his SNL characters in skits versus feature films
Moranis and the late John Candy. Short said SCTV was his favorite project; he won an to an artist and his materials.
Emmy Award and its Canadian equivalent, The Nelly. He joined the crew at “Saturday
“It’s like an artist doing a great piece of work on canvas, and then a gallery loving
Night Live” two years later.
it but asking the artist to do the same great piece of work in bronze ... it’s not the same
Short is best known in the film world for his hilarious antics in films like idea.”
“Innerspace,” “The Three Fugitives” and made his feature film debut in “The Three
Short is not only an accomplished comedian and actor but a husband and father of
Amigos,” which was the first of the three films Short has starred in with Steve Martin. three children. “Entertainment Tonight” showed a clip of Short and his family on the
When asked if he would ever consider doing a serious role, Short shot down the night that “Father of the Bride: Part II” opened, revealing the “family man” side of his
idea.
life.
“Comedy is hard work,” he said, and went on to discuss the fact that being funny
Short spoke of his children during his interview with the Alestle. When asked if he
is not always as easy as it seems.
saw himself as becoming a “father of the bride” anytime soon, he laughed and replied
Throughout his career, Short immortalized many of his Saturday Night Live “uh, no ... my daughter is only 12!”
personalities, including lounge lizard Jackie Rogers, Jr., shyster lawyer Nathan Thurm,
Absent from the interview were the funny voices, accents and sayings that have
and the ever-popular Pat Sajak-worshipping geekster Ed Grimley. The Grimley idea ran popularized many of Short’s characters—but his easy-going manner and positive
as an animated Saturday morning show for awhile, but was cancelled by NBC.
attitude were unconditionally present. Take away the goofiness and you still have one
“The cartoon was too much. The kids loved it; it was the adults that didn’t,” Short heck of a great man who makes Martin Short, well, Martin Short!
said.

W aitin g To Exhale7 showcases the power of sisterhood
W hitaker turns McMillan's best
selling novel into successful film
By Roy Gilmore
Editor in Chief
“Waiting to Exhale”
**** (out of four)

Stars of Waiting To Exhale (l-r) Loretta Devine, Lela Rochon, Whitney Houston
and Angela Bassett.

Life for Afro-American women can be extremely tough these days. The
movie “Waiting to Exhale,” based on the book of the same name, proves the point
and then some.
This movie is for any woman who has had heartaches over past relationships
or friendships—they all want the same thing in life. That is to exhale.
Forest Whitaker does an excellent job in turning Terry McMillian’s best­
selling book into a movie. The movie deals with four black women who have their
own problems in life: finding the right man, keeping him and learning when to let
go. But in each situation, the right man does not seem to always come at the right
time, or at any time for that matter.
Angela Basset, who plays Bemadine, was left by her husband John for his

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

T h e

A l e s t l e

white secretary. The two of them have two children—a boy and a girl—but that doesn't
seem to matter to John. He leaves Bemadine, while trying not to give her the money
and support she deserves. In the beginning, he tries to settle out of court and give her
$300,000. For Bemadine, that is a slap in the face.
To get even with John she takes all of his clothes, puts them in his favorite antique
car that he’d been fixing up and sets it on fire in her front yard. Then she sells all of his
things at a rummage sale for $ 1.
Bemadine was having trouble handling the divorce—at first. Then with the help of
her friends, she fought through the slump and started her life again with more vigor.
She was determined not to let another man run her life like John had for 11 years.
In probably the most touching scene in the movie, Bemadine meets James, who is
played by Wesley Snipes, in a hotel bar. The two talk about life and their relationships.
James, who is married, explains to Bernadine that his wife is dying from breast cancer
and that he loves her very much and would never do anything to hurt her.
After a couple more drinks, they end up in Bernadine’s room and they are both
nervous about the situation they have put themselves in. Then James tells Bemadine
that his wife is white but that it didn’t matter if she was black or green—he loved her
the same and nothing could ever change that.
From here you assume that Bemadine is going to kick him out, but instead she lets
him stay and they lay in bed holding each other. This was something that they both
needed.
Whitney Houston, who plays Savannah, has a problem in finding the right man. She
moved from Denver to Phoenix to work at a television station for less money—and
hoped to find a man. She’s a very picky person, so her standards are a little higher than
that of her friends.
She thought she had found everything in one man she met on a blind date for New
Year’s Eve. He seemed sweet and charming and a gentleman. They finally get together
in bed, and in one of the funniest scenes from the movie, he starts working it.
He jumps right in—no foreplay, no kissing, no nothing, just straight in. Savannah
then says, “Slow down baby, we have all night.” That doesn’t stop him. He keeps
stroking until he gets ready to explode, then he starts making an animal sound.
“Grrrrrr.” Then Savannah says, “Grrr?” He grunts again and then he falls on top of her
exhausted.
She leaves him because he does not have a secure job and he’s a chronic marijuana
smoker. Then she gets a call from one of her ex-boyfriends, Kenneth. He’s married, but
not happily, and he has a child. She wants him back because he was the best thing she
ever had, but she knows that it’s wrong.

Page 1 1

Lela Rochon plays Robin. Robin is a freak. She wants sex all the time. The biggest
quality she looks for in a man is how big he is. She thinks that way because all the men
she ever dated wanted the same thing she wanted—sex.
Her problem is not in finding a man, it’s keeping a good man. She goes through a
man a week it seems like, but there are two that she can’t get rid of because they both
treat her with a little more respect than the others.
Russell is her dream man. His body is fit and he’s a mother in bed. But he’s married.
She wants him and he wants her, but he doesn’t want to get a divorce from his wife just
yet. Instead, he wants to have his cake and eat it too.
She thought she found the perfect man in Michael. But there was one thing about
Michael— he was fat. Robin wanted a lean man with a nicely sculptured body. Michael
offered her everything she ever wanted—a family, a house, chances to take long
weekends. But there was one thing he couldn’t do well for her. Sex.
Then there was Troy. She thought Troy was the one. He had invited her to meet his
mother. She was flattered because no one had ever invited her to meet their parents. But
later she found out that Troy was a recreational drug user and she wanted nothing to do
with him.
Gloria, portrayed by Loretta Devine, has a hard time letting go of the men in her life.
She is a heavier-set woman who had a son, Tarik, without marrying the father because
he was a track star and she didn’t want to ruin his future.
They had worked out a visiting schedule so he could see his son and so Tarik would
know who his father was. But when he came to visit this time, he had something he had
to tell Gloria. He was gay. So there went one more man out of her life.
Then her son Tarik wants to join a group that will be doing travel with a singing
group and she doesn’t want him to leave. She meets a new neighbor played by Gregory
Hines. He sort of becomes the Tarik’s adopted father, helping Gloria discipline and
teach him the right ways.
Gloria, who owns a beauty shop, up until the time she met Hines, did not need a man
to keep her happy—or so she thought. The man in her life, who she cannot stand giving
up, is her son Tarik. He was her man the entire time. Everything she did, she did for
him and didn’t need anybody else.
Whitaker does a good job in focusing on what these four Afro-American women
want in today’s man. He used humor, hatred, confusion and love to depict these
qualities.
This movie is a true mark of what most women want in a relationship. Honesty. And
if nothing else, they deserve the right to exhale.

An Exciting and Productive
New Student Organization
To increase the number
of students that graduate from SIUE
within a reasonable amount of time.
PURPOSE:

Organizational Meeting: January 22, 1996 4:30 - 6:00 p.m.
University Center, 2nd Floor, Hickory/Hackberry Room
Point o f Contact: Student Senator, Randy Hobson ( Email: rhobson@siue.edu )

Page

12

T h e

A l e s t l e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

Voodoo Rock7 Band Preached Love in Midst of Haitian Hell
NEW YORK (AP) _ Sometimes it takes great courage to make music.
Watching the exuberant " ra ra ” band Boukman Eksperyans sing and dance
onstage at Brooklyn College, it’s hard to believe that performing such energetic,
joyful melodies once put these musicians in grave danger in their native Haiti.
The Creole-language lyrics, stoked by a vibrant African drumbeat and
effervescent singing that pull audiences to their feet, speak of death and tears
and repression. But the words also carry the message that a higher power, inner
peace and a return to your roots can give you strength to triumph over evil.
Such concepts were considered subversive during the three years that elected
President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was in exile.
Aristide, who espoused liberation theology and empowerment for the poor,
was democratically elected in December 1990. He was deposed by a coup the
following September.
Coup leaders Raoul Cedras and Michel Francois controlled Haiti’s 7 million
people with brutality until a U.S.-led multinational force returned Aristide just
over a year ago.
“ The people _ nobody really stands up for them,” said Theodore "L olo”
Beaubrun, leader and heartbeat of Boukman Eksperyans, after the band gave a
concert at the Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts.
"The music is the biggest voice they can have, and that’s why the music is so
strong,” said Beaubrun, a part-time street preacher, gazing intensely through
wire-rimmed spectacles.
The group creates a dynamic weave of musical textures with a "ra ra ” or
"ro o ts” rhythm born in west Africa. They use a melange of instruments: electric
guitar, bass, piano, drums, saxophone and synthesizers; Haitian and African
instruments with names like ogan and kata; and drums called katabou, tambou
and manman tanbou.
Boukman’s first CD, "Kalfou Danjere” ("Dangerous Crossroads”), was
recorded in May 1992 in the midst of political mayhem in a studio in Port-auPrince.
On a spring night in 1993, Boukman Eksperyans performed at a jammed Club
Lakoup in the Port-au-Prince capital of Petionville. Outside, streets were dark
from electricity shortages and empty of people, who rushed home to avoid army
harassment.
Lights powered by a noisy generator fueled by black-market gasoline shone
onto the stage as Boukman, its dozen barefoot members garbed in colorful
costumes, performed.
Feared Port-au-Prince Police Chief Michel Francois was there that night,
quietly watching.
An army colonel who accompanied him told Beaubrun afterward, "M an, I love
your music _ but I hate the lyrics” _ words like, "The day has arrived for us to
stage a revolution.”
Haitians have paid a high price for their tumultuous history.
Ripped from Africa and brought to the Caribbean island centuries ago as labor

for French plantation owners, they waged several slave uprisings before winning
independence in the early 1800s. Finally free, they endured a series of repressive
dictatorships as a tiny elite class enriched itself on the backs of the poor masses.
Their land has been decimated; their economy devastated. Most live in extreme
poverty. Few live beyond age 45.
Even their restored president has not held out hope for much beyond "poverty
with dignity.”
But with an intermingling of African rhythms, traditional Haitian music,
reggae, soca and rock _ and a strong dose of Africa’s spirit-based voodoo religion
_ Beaubrun and his future wife, Mimerose, set out in 1978 to help their people
by preaching love and inner peace.
They gave their band a name that captured the essence of their message.
"Boukm an” was the man who led the war for independence from the French
and unified uprooted Africans with Haiti’s native Indians. "Eksperyans” is a
Creole word that conveys a sense of unity among all creatures and of one
"greatest spirit” on Earth.
Boukman’s commitment to stay in its shattered country during army rule
brought heavy sacrifices: Band members were arrested and harassed; some of
their songs were banned, though an underground cassette industry got the music
out anyway.
Rifle-toting soldiers haunted concerts, even throwing tear gas into a crowd
attending a concert at downtown Canado School.
Boukman’s 25-year-old percussionist, Michel Melthon Lynch, died of
meningitis compounded by pneumonia in June 1994, after the trade ban made it
impossible to acquire antibiotics.
The grief-stricken band left on a concert tour two weeks later, then was unable
to come home because of a flight embargo. Stuck in Britain with their visas
expiring, members sought refuge in neighboring Jamaica.
Island Records, which discovered the band in 1990, furnished the musicians
with a mountaintop home, where they wrote and recorded their second CD,
"Libete (Pran Pou Pran’L!” ("Freedom/Let’s Take It!”).
"It was like a therapy for us, to be in the mountains so close to our country,”
said Daniel Beaubrun, 32, who plays guitar, keyboards and percussion and
arranges the music. "The songs just popped out.”
Now that Aristide is home and shaky democracy is taking root, the evils
Boukman castigates are greed, poverty and foreign influence diluting Haiti’s
culture.
The very multinational forces that restored Aristide threaten Haiti’s culture at
its deepest level, says Lolo Beaubrun.
"W e want to give people more pride in who they are as Haitians,” he said in
an interview, folding his long legs into a narrow space beside the bed while his
mother cooked Creole rice in the kitchenette of the tiny Flatbush apartment she
shares with her daughter and baby grandson.
"W e have to be proud of our culture, or we start to lose our culture.”

Student Leadership Development Program (SLDP)
SPRING 1996 Calendar of Events
Unless otherwise noted all modules are held in the Mississippi/Illinois Room.
PR O G R A M S A R E FR E E TO EVER YO N E
For m ore in fo rm ation p le a s e c o n tac t th e K im m el L e a d e rs h ip C e n te r (6 1 8 ) 6 9 2 -2 6 8 6 .
January 9 & 10
2:30pm & 7:00pm
Suzanne Kutterer-Siburt,
Assistant Director, Leadership
Development
Orientation - Student Leadership
Development Program
January 16
2:30pm
Kenneth Neher, Vice President
for Administration, SIUE
(11) Role Models & Risk Takers:
Blueprints for Successful
Leaders
January 16
7:00pm
Jay C. Hoffman, IL State
Representative, 112th District
(01) Leadership Characteristics:
You are a Leader
January 23
2:30pm
Jean Paterson, Director, Career
Development Center
(12) Goal Setting and Delegating
Effectively
January 23
7:00pm
Jeannie Citerman-Kraeger,
Supervisor, Volunteer Service,
State of Missouri, Department of
Mental Health
(02) Civic Responsibility and
Citizenship
January 30
2:30pm
Mary Morgan, Director, United
Way of Greater St. Louis
(03) Community Service:

Opportunities and
Responsibilities
January 30
7:00pm
Jack Humes, President,
Edwardsville Rotary Club
(13) Effective Meetings
February 6
2:30pm
Alonzo Byrd, Vice President,
Fleishman-Hillard
(14) Major Influences in the
Political Process
February 6
7:00pm
Tom Atwood, Reporter, Illinois
Bureau,, News Channel 5
(04) Effective Communication
February 6-7
10:00am
Blood Drive
University Center Conference
Center
February 7
5:00pm
Career Development Center Staff
(22) Professional Etiquette:
Project a Professional Presence
Through-Interviewing (Part 3)
February 13
2:30pm
Student Fitness Center
Duane Porch, Director of Military
Science, U.S. Army ROTC
(05) Group Process - Challenge
Course
February 13
7:00pm

Dennis Knoblock, Administrator,
City of Valmeyer, Illinois
(15) Community Change: What
a Leader Needs to Know
February 20
2:30pm
Jean Paterson, Director, Career
Development Center
(06) Assess Your Service and
Leadership Style
February 22
4:00pm
Religious Center
Joe Clark, “Education with a
Mission”
(16) Developing Self-Esteem

(09) Cross Cultural Awareness
March 1-5
8:00am
Action! Day Habitat for
Humanity
Two trip locations offered!
March 12
2:30pm
Ed Childs, Admissions
Counselor, Student Recruitment
(18) Motivating Others
March 12
7:00pm
W. Scott Stauffer, Director,
Fellows Program, Coro
Midwestern Center
(08) Human Relations

February 27
2:30pm
Ron Rain, Campus Minister, St.
Louis Community College at
Meramac
(07) Conflict Resolution:
Negotiating Differences

March 19
7:00pm
Major General John Cusick,
ATCOM, U.S. Army
(19) Understanding the
Organizational Climate

February 27
7:00pm
Dee Wisdom, Admissions
Counselor, Student Recruitment
(17) Leading Your Peers

March 26
2:30pm
Chris Ramsey, Senior Instruction
Specialist, McDonnell Douglas
(10) Values and Ethics

February 28
5:00pm
Maple Room
Career Development Center Staff
(22) Professional Etiquette:
Project a Professional Presence
Through...Surviving the First
Year (Part 4)
MARCH 1
DEADLINE FOR SLDP EXIT
INTERVIEW

March 26
7:00pm
Tom Strout, Executive Director,
Citizens For a Modern Transit
(20) Analyzing Public
Perceptions
March 27
7:00pm
Hickory/Hackberry
Carol and Walter Kimmel

April 2
2:30pm
Sharon Hahs, Dean, College of
Arts & Sciences, SIUE
(21) Leadership Challenges for
Men and Women
April 9
2:30pm
Cornell C. Thomas, D.D.S.,
Director of Minority Affairs,
School of Dental Medicine
(23) Leadership Challenges for
Minorities
April 9
7:00pm
Terry J. Keeley, Chaplain, Alton
Mental Health Center
(24) Managing Stress
April 9-10
10:00am
Blood Drive
Student Fitness Center
April 16
2:30pm & 7:00pm
Suzanne Kutterer-Siburt,
Assistant Director, Leadership
Development, Kimmel
Leadership Center
Volunteer Service Structured
Reflection
April 20
8:00am
Action! Day Multi-Cultural
Program
SIUE Fitness Center

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

T h e

A l e s t

1 e

-Page

13

G erald and Eddie Levert bring soul to 'Father & Son'
By Darryl Howlett
Lifestyle Editor
Gerald Levert & Eddie Levert Sr.
“Father & Son”

R & B Review
Two successful forces behind R&B have
collaborated together bringing with them
the music of two different eras. Oh yeah,
and they’re family.
On the East/West Record label, Gerald
and Eddie Levert Sr. come together with
Father and Son. The CD marks the first
time the family has worked together on an
entire project. Fans may remember a few
years ago that the father and son team
performed on Gerald Levert’s solo efforts.
Eddie Levert, the lead voice behind 70s
powerhouse the O’Jays and Gerald Levert,
lead singer of Levert, would give music
lovers the impression that the CD would be
a well-produced project. Unfortunately, the
CD, though good, is not what it should have
been, a great CD showcasing two great
voices.
The CD begins with two mediocre
songs—“For The Love” and “I Got Your
Back.” Fans should not consider the effort a
total loss, as the CD hits its stride with the

current top 10 hit “Already Missing You.” From there, the Leverts try a new rendition
of Bette Midler’s “Wind Beneath My Wings.” Though not as spirited as Midler’s, it is
a touching musical moment between the father and son.
Four songs that follow Wings
can all be bonafide top ten hits
beginning with the bopping “I Got You”
to the sexual tune “Get Your Thing Off.”
“You Need Love” and “Don’t Make Me
Beg” provides listeners with what R&B
is suppose to contain—deep bass,
flowing beats, and great soulful voices.
Unfortunately, the songs near the end
don’t make the grade. All of the
remaining songs sound similar in style
and technique. However, not to
disappoint fans, Gerald and Eddie can
save their mediocre songs with great
harmony and spirited singing. These
songs include “You’re Hurting Me” and
“The Apple Don’t Fall.”
The one thing' that listeners will
enjoy from the duo is the obvious love
and affection between Gerald and
Eddie. In each song, the listener should
feel the fun that the two had in making
this project, despite several songs
lacking in depth.
If you’re a fan of Gerald and
Eddie, buy the CD for the new year. If
you’re not, check it out anyway. Father
& Son is worth listening too, even if it’s
Gerald and Eddie Levert
not a three or four star CD.

As many of you are aware, the University is planning improvements
to existing parking lots and exterior lighting systems. Additionally,
the expansion of the west end of campus necessitates our providing
a parking facility to serve students, staff and faculty who are or will
be located in the Art and Design and Engineering Buildings.
Representatives from Hurst Rosche Engineers, Inc., the consulting
engineers for the project, will be available to discuss their findings
and recommendations on January 16, 1996, from 11:00 a.m. until
2:00 p.m. in the Redbud Room of the University Center. You are
encourage to take advantage of jthe opportunity to ask questions and

Thank you for your interest and continued cooperation.

sports
Page

14

T h e A l e s t l e

Tuesday, January

9, 1996

L ad y C o u g ars s ta y h o t w h ile w e a th e r turns cold
B y Todd Spann

Assistant Sports Editor
It has been a cold winter break, but don’t
tell that to the SIUE women’s basketball
team who went 4-1 over the holidays to
improve their overall record to 9-3 and
conference mark to 4-2.
The Cougars are currently in fourth place
in the Great Lakes Valley Conference and
came close to upping their record, but fell
short with a 67-65 loss to Northern Kentucky
Saturday night at the Vadalabene Center.
The loss came after an impressive all
around effort by the Cougars in a 66-45
victory over the University of Indianapolis
last Thursday.
“In the Indianapolis game we played one
of our best defensive games of the year. We
held their preseason All-American who
averages 24 points to only eight.
“But we went from playing one of our
best games defensively to one of our worst
games,” head coach Wendy Hedberg said
about the Northern Kentucky game.
Over the past several games the Cougars
Jeremy Paschall/A/esi/e
have had a different player step it up and
Sophomore Alicia Harkins of the SIUE Lady Cougars looks for a
take charge, but the one thing Hedberg saw
path to the basket around a pair of Northern Kentucky defenders.
in the loss was that nobody took over.

The game came down to one final shot by
the Cougars. With seven seconds left on the
clock they brought the ball down, but there
just wasn’t enough time to get a good shot off
as sophomore guard Leslie Phillips was
forced to take a long shot that although it
found the backboard and rim, it just would
not fall.
“We just never got going and we never
really played together. Our effort was their
but the intensity wasn’t,” Hedberg said. “But
we never should of been in that position. We
had several tries and we just didn’t execute.
It shouldn’t of came down to one shot. My
concern now is to put this loss behind us and
start playing well,” Hedberg said.
In the loss, the Cougars were lead by
sophomore Alicia Harkins with 18 points
and freshman Kim Lowe who tallied 13
points. Phillips finished with 10 points to
round out a trio of players in double figures.
In the Indianapolis game the Cougars
were in control of almost every thing in the
game. They turned in one of their best
efforts of the season on the boards as Phillips
and Amy Tuetken pulled down 13 and 10
rebounds respectively.
please see LADIES, n ext p a g e

Men's basketball experiences
thrill of victory-agony of defeat
By Eli Savoie
Sports Editor
The holiday season is supposed to be one of joy and cheer, but for the SIUE men’s
basketball team, cheer often turned to despair as they experienced a roller coaster ride
through the winter break.
The break started off on a down note with a 79 -67 loss at Lewis University.
The Cougars were able to shake off the effects of that loss as well as the suspension of
four players that reduced their roster to nine active players and turn in an impressive
performance three nights later at Quincy.
“Quincy is a tough place to play, but we were able to go in their and win a big
conference game,” Head coach Jack Margenthaler said about his team’s 73-71 victory over
the Hawks. “That was one of the best efforts I’ve seen in my 28 years of coaching.”
The excitement of the victory over Quincy once again turned sour with consecutive
defeats suffered at Kentucky Wesleyan and Southern Indiana, the defending Division II
National Champions.
“We played fairly well in the first half to only be down nine at the half,” Margenthaler
said about a 109-83 loss to USI. “In the second half they just wore us down and took
control of the game.”
Once again though, the Cougars were able to bounce back and put the losses behind
them as they started off the new year with one of their most exciting games of recent
memory Thursday night at the Vadalabene Center.
After a quick start by the Cougars which was followed by a five minute lull in their
offense, the two teams battled back and forth like two heavyweight fighters trading blows
all the way until the final buzzer.
With less than 10 seconds remaining on the clock the Cougars found themselves trailing
by two points and after a controversial call by the official, the Cougars had possession of
the ball under their own basket.
After the ball was inbounded, the Cougars looked to be confused as to what they were
doing and with time running scarce, the ball ended up in the hands of junior guard Jason
Holmes. As a crowd of nearly 500 looked on anxiously, Holmes managed to throw up a
desperation 3-point shot from about 25 feet.
The Cougars’ prayers were answered a short time later as the ball managed to find the
bottom of the net after a carom off the backboard. The miracle shot gave the Cougars an
81-80 lead with only two seconds remaining in the game and after the Greyhounds last
chance failed the lead turned into a victory.
Margenthaler admitted that the play wasn’t designed to end up that way.
“We were actually looking to go to Chris Harris for a two-point basket and force a tie,
please see COUGARS, next page

Jeremy Paschall/A/esf/e
S enior Ronnie Henderson prepares to take flight tow ards the basket
for tw o o f his 1 0 points S atu rd ay night a t the V a d a la b e n e Center. The
C ougars suffered a 7 9 - 6 7 loss to the N o rse o f N o rth ern Kentucky.

T h e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

A l e s t l e

ladies-------- -----from previous page

Jeremy Paschali/A/esf/e

Head coach Wendy Hedberg holds up four fingers to
show the number of wins her team tallied over the break.

During the 4-1 streak, Lewis,
Quincy , and Kentucky Wesleyan
fell victim to the Cougars good play.
These games consisted of more
than one player taking control of
the game. In each of the games the
Cougars had at least three players
hit double figures in scoring.
In the Lewis game, the Cougars
were lead by Harkins who scored 28
points and pulled down 9 rebounds.
Terri Evans and Tuetken followed
with 16 points each in a 91-69 route.
Evans was the high scorer in the
Kentucky Wesleyan game with 21
points and Harkins tallied up 14.
The Cougars pulled out a 63-51
victory over the Panthers.
Quincy was another close game
for the Cougar as they won 72-69
behind Tuetken's 16 points. Three
other players also scored in double
figures.
The Lady Cougars now go on the
road for a couple of crucial Great
Lakes Valley Conference games
against Wisconsin-Parkside and St.
Joseph’s before returning home for
four games starting Jan. 18.

Page

15

Cougars---------------------- -------------------------------------from previous page

but Jason ended up with the ball and had no time to do
anything but shoot the three,” he said.
The shot topped off a good night for Holmes as he finished
with 23 points to lead the Cougar attack. Harris chipped in
with 16 points and nine rebounds while Nathan Kreke added
13 points and six boards.
Once again though, the Cougars could not celebrate their
victory too long as a tough Northern Kentucky team came to
town two nights later.
In that contest, the Cougars once again got off to a fast
start before going through a dry spell that eventually led to
them falling by the score of 79-67. Although four Cougars
reached double figures in scoring it just wasn’t enough to hold
off the Norse.
Margenthaler said after the game that it was just a case of
Northern Kentucky wanting to win more than the Cougars
and he explained that his team may have suffered an
emotional letdown after the thrilling win earlier in the week.
The loss dropped the Cougars record to 5-6 on the season
and 2-4 in conference play. Margenthaler s&id that although
the conference record puts the Cougars close to where they
were picked in the preseason poll, he would like to be a little
higher in the standings at this point and hopes to move up in
the near future.
“When we go into games with a lot of emotion we are a
good basketball team, but when the emotion is not there, we
struggle,” Margenthaler said.
The first obstacles in the way of the Cougars moving up in
the GLVC come in the form of games this week at WisconsinParkside and St. Joseph’s.

Cougar athletics offer limited number of
basketball tickets to Tower Lake families
(Press Release) SIUE students can attend
Cougar basketball games for free with a
student I.D., but what about family members?
To increase Cougar spirit among the families
residing on campus at Tower Lake
Apartments, Dr. Brad Hewitt from SIUE
athletics has offered a limited number of free
Cougar basketball tickets to University
Housing.
Family Housing C oordinator Am ber
Parrish calls different families and asks if they

would like free Cougar Basketball tickets for
their family members. The response has been
very positive. All of the first set of free tickets
have been given away and families have
expressed interest in attending future games.
Parrish sees the ticket giveaway as a
vehicle for increasing school spirit and
awareness of Cougar athletics. It also
provides the families with an inexpensive, but
exciting family outing. Both the University
and the families benefit from the experience.

The Alestle sports department is looking for writers to
cover all the exciting Cougar sports action that takes
place here at SIUE. So, if you have an interest in sports
and know how to write feel free to contact either Sports
Jeremy Paschall/A/esffe

Editor Eh Savoie or Editor in Chief Roy Gilmore at

Jason Holmes goes up for a shot over a group of Northern

6 9 2 -3 5 2 8 . Oh yeah, you will even get paid to write.

Kentucky defenders. Holmes was forced to hit a little tougher
shot to pull out a Cougar victory Thursday night at the VC.

Colts defeat Chiefs despite long odds
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) _ The odds were stacked
against the Colts.
They were playing without their star, Marshall Faulk;
Kansas City was the NFL’s only team to go undefeated
at home; and the Chiefs simply had the best record in
the league at 13-3.
But Indianapolis had Lamont Warren, Zack Crockett
and Eugene Daniel.
The Chiefs were no match as the surprise team of the
playoffs knocked off Kansas City 10-7 with a bunch of
no-names. On Sunday, the Colts will play at Pittsburgh
for the AFC championship and a berth in the Super
Bowl.
"A s a team we are very focused,” said Crockett, who
ran for 147 yards and two TDs last week in the Colts’
35-20 victory over San Diego. "W e don’t worry about
who isn’t here. We just do our jobs.”
Faulk wasn’t the only Colt missing, as defensive tackle
and leader Tony Siragusa was out with the flu and guard
Randy Dixon was limited with an elbow injury.
"We won this for Marshall,” said Lamont Warren,
who took Faulk’s place and ran for 76 yards on 20

carries and also caught two passes for 18 yards on
Sunday.
Faulk had arthroscopic surgery earlier in the week,
and fullback Roosevelt Potts, out for the season, was
replaced by Crockett.
"Everyone said it was going to be an easy game for the
Chiefs,” said Crockett. "We came and we conquered.”
Added Warren: " I just felt like we didn’t have
anything to lose. We just wanted to come out and play
our game. We felt if we did that we could win.”
Coach Ted Marchibroda was proud of his young Colts.
"They earned this thing. Everybody else thinks we’re
lucky, fortunate,” Marchibroda said. "There has been a
lot of hard work put in by this football team in order to
get to the point.”
The Colts had three interceptions and a fumble
recovery against a team that had the league’s best
turnover ratio of plus-12.
"We played with our hearts,” said safety Jason Belser.
"We put pressure on Steve Bono, forced him into
situations that they had to throw the ball.”

Don’t forget to catch
Men’s Cougar
basketball live on WSIE
88.7 on your FM dial.
Catch the Jack
Margenthaler show 10
minutes before every
tip-off. Listen for the
voice of the Cougars
Darin Pritchett as he
and Andy Korbesmeyer
and Eric Hess broadcast
exciting Cougar action.

Page

16

T h e

A l e s t l e

Great Lakes Valley Conference
Men’s Basketball Standings

G reat Lakes Valley Conference
W omen’s Basketball Standings
W -L

Team

Pet. W -L

Overall

GLVC

Overall

G LV C

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

Pet. H om e R o ad

S treak

Team

W-L Pet. W-L

Pet. Home Road Streak

IU P U -F t. W ayne

5-0

1.00

12-0

1.00

5-0

6-0

W12

Kentucky Wesleyan

5-0

1.00

9-2

.818

6-1

0-0

W8

S o u th ern Indiana

4-0

1.00

8-2

.800

5-1

2-0

W1

Southern Indiana

4-0

1.00 10-1

.909

6-1

2-0

W7

Saint J o se p h ’s

5-1

.857

9-3

.750

4-0

4-3

W2

Northern Kentucky

4-2

.667

9-3

.750

6-0

3-3

W1

SIU E

4-2

.800

9-3

Quincy

3-2

.600

9-3

.750

6-1

3-2

W2

B ellarm ine

3-2

.600

8-3

.727

4-0

4-2

W3

Indianapolis

3-2

.600

7-4

.636

6-1

1-3

L2

N o rth ern K entucky

3-3

.500

6-6

.500

5-1

0-5

W1

Saint Joseph’s

3-3

.500

7-5

.741

5-2

2-3

L2

Indianapolis

2-3

.400

6-6

.500

4-1

2-3

L3

Lewis

2-4

.333

8-4

.667

5-1

3-2

W1

W is.-Parkside

1-4

.200

4-7

.364

2-3

2-4

L4

SIUE

2-4

.333

5-6

.5(H)

4-1

1-5

LI

Q uincy

1-4

.200

3-7

.300

2-2

1-3

W1

Bellarmine

1-4

.200

6-4

.600

3-1

1-3

W3

K entucky W'esleyan

1-4

.200

3-9

.250

2-3

1-6

LI

IUPU-Ft. Wayne

1-4

.200

5-7

.429

3-5

2-2

L3

Lewis

0-6

.000

4-9

.278

3-5

0-3

L5

Wis.-Parkside

1-4

.200

3-8

.273

1-3

2-5

W2

.750

3-2

4-1

LI

Don’t fofief to catch the Cougars in action Saturday, January 20 against
Quincy University. The women tip-off at 5:30. Then men follow directly after.

Some of us
were ju st born...

N e x t hom e gam e
is T h u rsd ay
J a n u a ry 10

To spectate

S ee you in th e s ta n d s .

T h e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

A l e s t l e

Page

17

Cowboys and Steelers teams to beat in title games
(AP) The team of the ‘60s meets the team of the
‘90s for the NFC championship and the right _ Jim
Harbaugh willing _ to play the team of the ‘70s.
At least the NFL playoffs are getting more
unpredictable.
So the Dallas Cowboys, who were supposed to be
there, play for the NFC title against the Green Bay
Packers instead of San Francisco. And the
Pittsburgh Steelers host the Indianapolis Colts, who
weren’t even supposed to be in the playoffs.
Pittsburgh, which won four Super Bowls over a sixyear span in the ‘70s, will be favored and so, of
course, will the Cowboys, who will be going for their
third title in four years.
Based on this week, it doesn’t necessarily mean
they’ll win.
And it may even mean an AFC team can finally
win the Super Bowl after 11 straight losses.
Green Bay (13-5) at Dallas (13-4), Sunday, 4 p.m.
EST
Just as Dallas feared San Francisco, which had
beaten them three straight since Barry Switzer took
over, so does Green Bay face a mental obstacle in
Dallas. The Cowboys have beaten the Packers five
straight in the last three years, twice in the playoffs
and again earlier this year, 34-24.
" If anything, that will make us just as loose as ever
because I think the times we have gone down there
we were probably too tight,” Packers safety LeRoy
Butler said.
All those games were at Texas Stadium, as this one
will be. The most famous Dallas-Green Bay game,
of course, was the one that made Lambeau Field and
"frozen tundra,” synonymous _ Bart Starr sneaked
into the end zone behind Jerry Kramer to send the

Packers to the first Super Bowl.
But Green Bay has two things going for it.
l_Brett Favre, who’s as hot as any quarterback can
be. He had 38 touchdown passes in 16 games and his
near-perfect first-half on Saturday (15 of 17 for 222
yards) buried San Francisco and he can do the same
in Dallas.
2_A potential coaching mismatch _ Mike
Holmgren and his staff vs. Switzer and his. That
leads to the kind of mismatch the 49ers got when
they beat the Cowboys, like linebacker Darrin
Smith on Jerry Rice.
But there was little wrong with Switzer’s gameplan
in the 30-11 win over the Eagles on Sunday.
He finally used Deion Sanders on offense and
Sanders responded with a touchdown on a reversereverse _ reversing his field on a reverse for his first
career rushing touchdown.
And Leon Lett was the force he can be _ the 49ers
didn’t exploit rookie guard Adam Timmerman, but
Lett is likely to.
On more problem for the Packers will be Kevin
Williams, who is finally becoming the alternative to
Michael Irvin. Irvin’s only catch was a meaningless
TD to make it 30-3 while Williams grabbed six for
124 yards.
So can Green Bay win?
Certainly, particularly with Favre spreading the
ball around to Robert Brooks, Anthony Morgan,
Edgar Bennett, Dorsey Levens, M ark Ingram, Mark
Chmura and the long-lost Keith Jackson.
"To tell you the truth, this is the team that we
wanted to play,” said Butler.
One other thing.
Reggie White has never gotten this far. Like Favre,

he’s a championship-level player likely to play a
championship-level game.
Indianapolis (11-7) at Pittsburgh (13-4), Sunday,
12:30 p.m. EST
This one looks like Pittsburgh all the way _ the
Steelers have won nine of 10 and would be 10 for 10
if not for Yancey Thigpen’s dropped TD pass in
Green Bay.
The Colts, though, have suddenly become both
lucky and good _ their 10-7 win over the Chiefs was
as much the result of three missed field goals by Lin
Elliott.
Maybe the Chiefs, who won so many close games
all season, were due to lose one and maybe the
Chiefs really aren’t as good as their 13-3 record
indicated. But the Colts have now won two road
playoff games and Jim Harbaugh is almost as hot as
Favre _ having played at Michigan and in Chicago,
he didn’t worry about minus-6 wind chills.
Still, with Marshall Faulk iffy, can Lamont Warren
and Zack Crockett really help Harbaugh go through
Pittsburgh to the Super Bowl?
No.
The Steelers were big favorites last year at home
to San Diego, spent the week before the game
celebrating, and lost because the Chargers made two
big plays.
Bill Cowher’s not the kind of coach that will let
that happen again, and Neil O ’Donnell has quietly
moved into the upper rank of quarterbacks.
"W e’re a closer team than we were last year,”
O ’Donnell says.
There’s also the Kordell Stewart factor.
It’s no coincidence that the winning streak
coincides with Stewart’s emergence.

to the Univ
--------------------------f — "■—

- "Jf

....-h

Have a Great Spring
Hours: Monday, January 8, through Sunday,:
Monday - Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday

7:30
7:30
9:00
10:30

a.m.
a.m.
a.m.
a.m.

-

10:00 p.m.
12:00 midnight
12:00 midnighj
10:00 p.m.

Special Hours:
Saturday, 1/13
8:00 a.m. - 12:00 midnight
Monday 1/15 (MLK Holiday)
CLOSED

&

AWAY FROM HOME

Page

18

T h

e

A l e s i l e

Tuesday, January 9, 1996

[No m atter what the weather out| side, it’s always basketball weather
i inside.
i
Student Fitness Center Hours
| Monday through Friday
6:30 a.m. to
! 11:00 p.m.
! Saturday
9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
| Sunday
12:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m

INTRAMURAL BASKETBALL
MENS and WOMENS
Registration Due

January 17,1996

Schick Super Hoops (3 on 3)
Mens & Womens
Registration Due

January 24,1996

L E T C A M P U S R E C R E A T I O N HELP Y O U
KEEP Y O U R N E W Y E A R ’ S RESOLUTIONS

Lifestyle Appraisals, Fitness Consultations, Exercise
Programs, Nutrition Analysis, Stress Management
Consultations, Personal Trainers, and much more arc
available in the W ELLN ESS LAB.
For more information call 692-B-WEL.

Aerobic Classes Daily
Monday Thru Friday

•

WANT TO IMPROVE
YOUR GRADES
THIS SEMESTER?
Students with D and F
grade point averages report
consuming more than 3
times the number of
alcoholic drinks per week
than students maintaining an A average.
Students using alcohol in greater quantities reported
problems in other areas such as driving while
intoxicated, trouble with school administrators, etc.
Taken from Teamwork for Healthy Campuses: April 1993

•

12:30pm 4:45pm 6:00pm
& Sat @ 11:30am

M A R C H 2 - lO , 1 9 9 6

Spend Spring Breakj exploring Big Bend
National Park and touring Guadalui e M t
National Park, TX
T

National Park

Big Bend
\Natl. Park i

Package includes:
Transportation
Camping Fees
Some Camping Gear
ixperienCed'Guide

R egister by F eb ru ary 1, 1996 at the R eceptio n
D esk o f the S tud ent Fitness Center. R egistration
inclu des app lication an d a $50 deposit.
C redit through the G eo grap hy D ep artm en t can be
o btain ed by enro llin g in G eo grap hy 490, Section 5

For more information call

\

6 92-B -FIT

Lpok us up on the NF.T at http://www.siue.edu/CRFC
C am pu s R ecreation is a D ivision o f S tu d en t A ffairs

Comics
T h e

Tùesday, January 9,1996
THE LOOSE

A l e s i l e

Page

19

by Sam Pass

Artist's Blues
UH H UH , Y E A H , N to , J * V
< w M v c e l l u l a r p h o k te , ,

WAlTlHd FoR THE
L RÊAILVf Hmmw#«
Cool...

by Rick Mahr

Wonderous Strange

1995 Paul Kinsella

Roger in Zax World

by Bernoulli, Harris, and Kinsella

Due to a mysterious cosmic phenomena, I (Roger Bernoulli) was transported
through time and space to a naturally occurring Dyson sphere world called 'Zax.' It is
in this strange and treacherous world that I searched for a way back to Earth. My 30in my illustrated journal, titled

ROGER IN ZAX WORLD.
Produced by Jeff Hams, Paul Kinsella. & Roger Bernoulli

I

by Kat Vernon

Idenitity
d jd mUKe oneor-huo

So fttfse i'a b le

Were billed -fo^ViC

trtAbef

long distance calk -W-ytf
U«» Vers Wy

c r w ould h a v e 4 \ed o f ^
I
\ h o m e sicK neiS i( Xcalls tra c e d -to you«'
a-par+menl a d d e d up
h ad rW te<rn abI«
to ove»" go hours -io
C a ll my rnonrvny
Sleazy l-q o o numbers..

because X m issed my
So 4-erribly...

Beer Run Through Space

by Todd and Brian

IM REW.ITW, THI5 Mr-J

15 fySSfct> OUT li\/ ft
- Rtt>t>LEI> ■PKiy/viVCerJ

STUPOR
76e UKVt p x i

tvouU ¿aoe de&tHoifcd

not ice*. aruttcsi ( « » m y atençtf àJtield (çùten. to me
'ÿ o a ta . < z li£ x 4 .) tw f < y u U o ^ u u w m

(t/u U

ÄKi ,

tie

* } io u ^ A t / t o w

tkc kooded etcaiwic) mif fëuAàitHC-mttdc artoutuC-to-cUn. mi&Utc
(tH&t V
c*c t&c c t& A Â c d curt cneUt
<*. 'P e n u & c c u t c o c o c h c
intu b ic i) <tW tie 'm agic' amulet (t/usU 9 itwiauteti ¿nun
t6c mountain. rtuutÂi). ” — 'prom & uijtte* 9 9 7

A T T EN T IO N ARTISTS!
TH E ALESTLE IS LOOKING FOR
NEW ARTISTS FOR TH E
COMICS PACE!
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN
SEEINC YO U R W ORK IN PRINT,
PLEASE CONTACT
JEN N IFER CASEY
AT
EXTENSION 5528

Topia

by David Smith
KayM öN d TOUNld

^Aloi has hopc&iej'

fince last scft—-1"

■WiscetjdewWl

V 7^C T er

J

Raphael leonJeJ
+o dauce
_^j

f c M / d r a h i k ONe, o f

exp*ri«f»-hri
pale a (e $.

Avd NifounJeut
lw»/Ho Play harcJ
"topeT. __„
■yr. .9?: . rr^ T

classifieds
20

Page

T h e
6 5 6 -1 7 3 9 evenings o r weekends.

SERVICES
FAX WORLDWIDE from the GOFAX
1/11/96

LITTLE PEOPLE'S Palace. If you are
looking for quality, licensed CPR-certified daycare, call 288-6919. 1/9/96

RESUME

Tuesday, Jan u ary 9, 1996

Placing a classified ad

1/18/96

Center in the University Center.

A l e s t l e

TELEMARKETING W O RK 3 - 4 days
a week. N o selling, energetic,Wood
River area, gathering information,

Deadlines

Frequency Rates

Tuesday Publication: Noon Friday
Thursday Publication: Noon Tuesday

1 run: $.80 per line (2 line minimum]
3 runs: $.75 per line
5 runs: $.70 per line
20 runs: $.65 per line
Personals: $.25

[For billing purposes« five (S) words equal one fine)

Office Hours
Monday thru Friday 8 am - 4:30 pm

possible advancement, unlimited
hourly income. 259-7562. 1/18/96

?
Busy Bee
§
I Copy Service |

AMBITIOUS STUDENTS who seek

§ (618) 656-7155 §

cheap, easy and risk-free! For infor­

^

1/9/96

311 North Main Street °
Edwardsville, IL 620 25

financial independence. The plan is
mation, call Paul at 1-217-272-4416.

W O RD PROCESSING: Research

LIKE MUSIC? Do you play an instru­
ment o r enjoy singing? W e'd love to

papers, reports, etc. Convenient to

have you audition for our ensemble

campus, quick turnaround, accurate.

for Sunday Mass (10:30 a.m. and

Call Julie: 6 9 2 -1 3 0 3 . 1/9/96

8:0 0 p.m. weekly). Call Ron Knapp

SQTONM H COM ) H
t FR0M

399
tofeun

TU*XJAt

Free Parties &
Free Food !!
1-800-SURF'S UP

in your ad, call 692-3528 or come into the office. Positively no allowance made for errors after the first
insertion of advertisement. No allowance of correction will be made without a receipt.
Placing Ads To place a classified ad, come to the Alestle, located in the UC, Rm 2022, and fill out a classi­
fieds form. All classifieds and personal must be paid for before publication.

Alestle

at Catholic Campus M inistry: 692-

CATHOLICS M ASS-celebrated on

3295. 1/23/96

S undays-10:30 am and 8 :0 0 pm in

American Transair $ 1 6 7.0 0 465-

N EW STUDENTS (and returning stu­

5702. 1/11/96

dents): Keep the fa ith -b u t not to
yourself. Have an awesome semester!

W EDDING DRESSES, size 7. Very

Ron at Catholic Campus M in istry-

reasonable. Call Lori 659-4958,

Religious Center (the Dome). 1/11/96

leave message. 1/9/96

STUDENT EXPRESS, IN C .
USED BOOKS at bargain prices in
the G ood Buy Bookshop, Lovejoy

and undergraduate documents.
Campus secretary. Pam 398-1939.

Thursday, from 10 am to 2 pm.

1/11/96

Library, Room 0 0 1 2 , Wednesday and

Millions of grants available.
Qualify immediately.

Attention CPA Exam Candidates!
Southern llinois University and Conviser DuJJy CPA Review
now offer a national course to those students in Edwardsville
who are serious about passing the CPA Exam
•
•
•
•
•

U sed E xclusively by 4 o f the Big 6
Live Local Instructors on*cam pus at SIU E
M oney-back G uarantee
U n conditional R etake policy n atio nw ide
C opyrig hted Text, S o ftw are and Flashcards
For more information call Or. Costigan at SIUE 692-2633
Conviser Duffy CPA Review (800) 274-3926

REAL ESTATE FOR RENT

3 S S 6 I1 S is the place to

Cottonwood Village III
Apartments

Economy •Luxury

$275 deposit
$225/mo. rent

-

Trucks

includes trash pickup, water, and sewage

288-3674

Used Auto Parts for
Every Car!
We also buy used
cars, trucks and
rebuild and install
transmissions!

Viaduct Auto Parts, Inc.

Full size Ram •Dakota 8ft. beds

U nder N e w M anagem ent

dent. Near downtown Edw. $325
per month, utilities furnished. Deposit
7394.

Plaza, # 325, Edwardsville. 1/18/96

2 LARGE apartments, 2 bedroom
wardsville. Call 6 5 6-2562. 1/25/96

ROOMMATES
NON-SMOKER, female preferred to
share 3 bedroom duplex in Belleville.
$250 plus 1 /3 utilities. 233-5290,

ATTENTION ALL Students!!! Grants
& scholarships available!! Billions of
$$$ in private funding. Q ualify
immediately.

leave message. 1/18/96

LOST: BLACK Fila Purse. Contact
Am anda at 397-5779.

The Alestle will provide a fast-

M O NEY FOR College!! Hundreds
and thousands o f grants available to

MEETINGS

paced and intelligent w ork
environm ent, com plete and

all students. Immediate qualifications.
Call 1-800-270-2744. 4/4/96

HELP WANTED

CHRISTIAN RETREAT: Feb. 2 - 4 .
leges. "Deep Thoughts" and social

Special Ed. background helpful. Cali

Catholic Campus Ministry. 1/23/96

ongoing sales training, experi­
ence beyond reality (really!),
nam es in prin t for all to see, and
cold hard cash as a rew ard.
C om m ission for every sale!
--M att Larson, Sales M anager

60

For m ore inform ation, call...

college students gathering from 6 col­
time. See Ron at Religious Center.

TUTOR WANTED for 6th grade.

The Best Paying Student
Job On ampus
The Alestle needs two very
sharp and outgoing students for
its advertising staff. In return,

LOST AND FOUND

1-800-AID-2-HELP (1 -

800-243-2435). 3/26/96

Cassens Rental

H WY 159 D o w n t o w n E d w a r d s v i l l e * 65 6 - 6 0 7 0

1/25/96

check available. Call The W ord Cen­
ter 6 9 2-9673. O ne M ark Twain

f f j l A P ub lic S ervice o f th e USDA Forest S e rvice a nd
cSux* yo ur S ta te Forester

& references required. Call 656-

set/designed. Student papers/m anu­
scripts; spell check and gram m ar

Grand Caravan, seats 7
8-12-15 passengers

nished, private, 1 bedroom, upstairs
apartment for quiet, single grad stu­

down, 3 bedroom up, Downtown Ed­
RESUMES PROFESSIONALLY type­

Vans

GRAD. STUDENT. Cozy, partially fur­

Rt. 143 Edwardsville Rd. • Open Mon - Sat

656-5175 • 254-2788 • 432-1165

Rent!

Cars

1 Bedroom
Efficiency Apts.

1 800 270-2744
-

C onviseR
DUFFY

Classes begin Jan. 20,1996

Sponsored by the Friends o f Lovejoy
Library. 4/25/96

MONEY FOR
COLLEGE

Know Your World. Read The Alestle.

Liturgy and social-keep God and
community in your life. 1/25/96

AIRLINE TICKET to O rlando one-way

W O RD PROCESSING: Graduate

692-3528

the dome o f the Religious Center.

ITEMS FOR SALE

« FR
O
M

99 ■

Adjustments Please read your ad on the first day it appears. If you cannot find your ad or discover an error

Alestle

692.3528

