BOX

1063

(2)

--------------_____--------------------------------------------,— :----------- ------------------------------------------

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

S o u t h e r n I l l in o is U n iv e r s it y a t E d w a r d s v il l e

Vol. 49 No.6
¡-YOU KNOW IT'S Too HoT wHEUi

w e a t h e r

CA R Too n' S

Wed: Sunny, 8 9 /6 6 °
Thurs: Sunny, 9 2 /7 2 °

R6ACH
T H E IR

M6LT|fJ&

Fri: Sunny, 9 2 /7 6 °

P o i^ T ...

Sat: Sunny, 9 4 /7 6 °
A

l

e

s

t

i

c

ALTON, EAST ST. LOUIS & EDWARDSVILLE

Suspect in alumni building shootings killed
By Melanie Adams

by the shots. No one was hit
by the shots as the police
surrounded the house and
barricaded the streets. SIU E
police were contacted at this
time and were present when
the house was finally
entered at 6:15 p.m. and
D uBois was found dead.
The w arrants for the
charges, resulting in two
counts of criminal dam age to
state property and one count
of possession of a weapon by
a felon, all Class Three
felonies punishable by two to
five years in prison, were
filed Thursday afternoon in
M adison C ounty Court.
“A fter the w arrants were
filed, the university police
asked the St. Louis Police

Editor in Chief
A n attem pt to arrest SIU E
alumnus, David M. DuBois
resulted in a standoff and
D uB ois’ eventual suicide
Friday night after police
arrived at his hom e to arrest
him on charges of firing on
the Tosovsky Building and
Credit U nion earlier this
year.
DuBois, who graduated
from SIU E with his M asters
D egree in Business
Adm inistration in 1990, fired
as many as 15 to 20 rounds at
police as they approached
the porch of the residence to
collect him for the charges.
Two police cars were hit

D epartm ent to pick him up
because the university has no
jurisdiction over there,” Sam
Smith, director of News
Services, said.
Police stated that they
attem pted to call DuBois on
the telephone, Smith said,
and heard a message that he
intended to commit suicide.
Shots were fired from the
hom e as late as 5 p.m.
DuBois had a long history
of m ental problems, earlier
resulting in death threats to
William H.T. “Bucky” Bush,
brother of form er President
G eorge Bush and part-tim e
instructor of St. Louis
University, where DuBois
attended before SIUE.

History of alumni house shootings
First shots are fired in March 1996; damage results in
loss of 4 windows. Shootings occur just before a visit by
controversial speaker Sarah Brady. Police start
investigation.
Alumni house hit for second time on June 7 between 3
a.m.-and 7 p.m. Damage results in $2,200 in damage.
Bullets are recovered, police continue investigation.
Police try to serve a former SIUE student a warrant for
his arrest.
Suspect greeted police with gunfire at his home in St.
Louis.
Suspect, after holding off St. Louis Police for more than
four hours, commits suicide.

please see SUICIDE, page 5

A roll of the
dice: summer
enrollment
attendance
up or down?
A quick look inside:
By Darryl Howlett
News E ditor

,

A decline or an increase? These are questions asked by both students and faculty during the
sum m er term . For the last five years, the university has ridden a steady enrollm ent during the
summer. The only difference, in 1993, the enrollm ent dipped to just below 6200 students.
Assistant Vice President for Enrollm ent M anagem ent R ichard D rem uk, believes the overall
attendance is about the same for the last five years.
“My general feeling is the enrollm ent for the sum m er term is about the same as last year,”
D rem uk said.
E nrollm ent M anagem ent’s job includes collecting data on attendance and then breaking that
data down into various dem ographics from m en com pared to wom en attending to different
minority groups. D rem uk also com m ented that figures for this year’s sum m er enrollm ent are
not yet available.

please see ENROLLMENT page 4

........6
entertainment..... ........8
......10
Melissa Mills reviews
the play "Oliver!" here
at SIUE

......11
......12

Page

2

T h e

A l e s t l e

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

State and Local
Rivers to be used to teach subjects
Grassley said Monday an aide saw Internal Revenue Service
documents among the FBI background files the White House
gathered on hundreds of former Reagan and Bush era presidential
employees.
In a letter to the FBI director, Grassley, R-Iowa, asked for a
description of the type of information included in the IRS
documents.
According to another congressional aide, who spoke on condition
of anonymity, Grassley’s staffer said the IRS file related to “several
individuals.”
The senator asked the FBI to reply by Thursday

International______________________________
Hurricane hovers o ff M exican coast
CUIDAD LAZARO CARDENAS, Mexico—The first Pacific
hurricane of the season shredded homes, toppled trees and clogged
roads Monday, killing three people and forcing hundreds more to
flee.
Soldiers helped police clear the roads and escort the evacuees to
shelters erected in schools and public buildings as Hurricane Alma
hovered off the Southern Mexican coast.

EDWARDSVILLE—The Rivers Curriculum Project will
conduct its fifth annual summer training program Aug. 4
through 9 at SIUE.
The workshop is open to junior high and high school
teachers and others interested in doing water testing with
students. Teams from the same school are encouraged to
attend, but are not necessary For more information call
Rivers Project office, 692-3788.
M inisters to attend fire prevention class
EAST ST. LOUIS—Sheriff Mearl Justus has invited more
than 150 church leaders from the East St. Louis area to a
two-hour, church-oriented arson awareness and prevention
seminar.
The seminar will be held from 10 a.m. to noon Thursday at
St. Mary’s Hospital Windsor Building,129 N. Eighth St., East
St. Louis.
Seminar facilitators will be Alan Clark, president of the
International Association of Arson Investigators, Bill
Buxton, president of Pyr-Tech Inc. of Collinsville, and Mearl
Justus, St. Clair County Sheriff.

Effective July 1, 1996 the Alestle will raise all

Number of runs

Rate per line

classified advertising rates. We hope this

1 or 2____________________ $1.00__________________

increase in price won't break your bank.

3 or 4____________________ $.95____________________

The Alestle Classified page is still the most

5 to 19___________________ $.90____________________

cost-effective w ay to reach 12,000 students

20 or more______________ $.85

________________

every week.
All personal advertisements will now be $.50

Know Your World. Read The Alestle,

editorial
Wednesday, June 26, 1996

T h e

A l e s t l e

Page

3

letter to the editor.

The more things change, the more things stay the same
I am nearing com pletion of a G raduate studies
program specializing in the Sociology of G ender and
Industry. Q uite frequently I am asked to speak about
women, w ork and gender inequality. I am learning
never to be am azed or surprised at w hat I hear from
audiences of any size, shape, race or sex about gen­
der and the roles people play or the roles people
think they ‘should’ play in life. That gender inequali­
ty exists is not questioned in academic circles but I
was appalled and incredulous at the lack of aw are­
ness and sensitivity w hen speaking recently at a local
‘D om estic Violence’ support group.
I must begin by saying it is with conscientious
choice th at I not refer to violence against wom en as
dom estic violence. One, it detracts from the heart of
the issue and two, it is yet another effort to weaken
w om en’s gathering strength collectively. I arrived at
the m eeting early. A few wom en arrived and we
began introducing ourselves and talking. A t the very
last m inute the facilitator arrived, a woman, flanked
by two m en — a white male policem an and a white
male prosecuting attorney. The m eeting began.
I spoke for two and one half hours on gender, gen­
der role identity and the devaluing of one gender
(wom en) over the other (m en) in this patriarchal
society. The whole idea of societally prescribing men
to be masculine; (em otionally unavailable, hard,
competitive and aggressive) and wom en to be femi­
nine, (passive, nurturing, em otional and submissive)
lends itself to rigid and inflexible gender identities
and results in, namely, staggering rates of violence
against wom en and escalated occurences of pornog­
raphy.
A woman is sexually assaulted o r beaten every six
seconds by a husband, boyfriend o r lover. This isn’t
happening som ewhere else, it is happening right here
in our homes. The most dangerous place for a
woman, A N Y WOMAN, to be is in her own home.
The pornography industry owned and controlled
by (usually) m en thrives on exposing w om en’s body

parts in grossly distorted and often violent ways.
These pictures are about what these kinds of pictures
are always about; they are m eant to reduce wom en
to body parts and to expose them in such a way as to
devalue, defile and otherw ise discredit them as
viable and valuable citizens with som ething to o ffe r.
society o th er than what their sexual body parts can
do for men.
H ie wom en in the support group were great. They
listened, talked and shared some of their own stories
about their lives, struggles and what it was like to be
on the outside ‘looking in’.
‘Looking in’ is exactly what wom en surviving sex­
ual and physical torture by a loved one are doing.
They are on the outside and the downhill side of a
system designed, defined and dom inated by men
which inherently protects men.
A fter all, we are still debating why wom en stay,
why they don’t leave, what she could have done dif­
ferently?
With every millisecond we waste discussing it, we
lose precious space. Violence against wom en should
not be put up for discussion, it should be unthink­
able. We need to be debating why he is doing that
and why he isn’t being stopped!
A t the end of my presentation, the facilitator
asked me: “W hat does all this have to do with
dom estic violence, anyway?” You could have blown
m e over with a whisper. I was stunned.
I collected my wits and asked her to clarify exact­
ly what she was confused about since we had spent
the previous two and one half hours discussing a lot
of heavy duty and very dynamic issues.
A nother woman interjected at this time with, “but
didn’t she agree that sexism had an awful lot to do
with violence against wom en? That there is a con­
nection.” She said, “No, she didn’t think sexism had
an awful lot to do with dom estic violence.”
I think I am always prepared for any response. I
was not prepared for that nor was I prepared for the

barrage of resistance I started to receive from the
policem an. His first rem ark was that if he were one
o f the wom en at the m eeting he would go hom e
absolutely hopeless. H e would be discouraged and
would feel like giving up because finding som eone
else to love would be impossible.
These wom en are surviving sexual and physical
to rtu re by a loved one, I d on’t think survivor groups
are intended as a “let’s find new love groups.”
In fact, finding new love is probably the last thing on
their minds.
H e also told me that I spoke too bluntly, I didn’t
say things nicely enough.
Violence against wom en is, mainly, p erp etrated by
m en, and guess what, it is not a very nice thing!
T here was a wom an at the m eeting who may have
been perm anently disfigured. I m et an o th er woman,
elsewhere, with a coloscopy bag from having been so
badly beaten and I have talked with many wom en
wearing scars, knocked out teeth, knife and gunshot
wounds and perm anent bruises.
Why, when m en are present, do we have to talk nice­
ly so they will listen?
This m ost unsettling discom fort did not arise
because of their reactions. N ot at all, I hear them in
different versions alm ost every tim e I give a presen­
tation.
W hat caused me grief and sadness so compelling
I went hom e and cried, was the fact th at these are the
people in charge. In essence, these are the voices of
our lawyers, o ur judges and politicians, our police­
m en and corporate A m erica and the m ore things
change, the m ore things stay the same.

Katie H. Henderson
Graduate Department

L e tte r s to th e e d ito r p o l­
icy:
P le a s e s u b m it le tte rs
ty p e w r itte n in 500 w o rd s
o r less. P le a s e in c lu d e
p h o n e n u m b e r a n d sig ­
n a tu re .
W e re s e rv e th e rig h t
to e d it le tte rs to th e e d i­
to r. L e tte r s to th e e d ito r
w ill n o t b e p rin te d
a n o n y m o u s ly e x c e p t
u n d e r e x tre m e c irc u m ­
stan ce s.
T h e A le s tle is a m e m ­
b e r o f th e Illin o is
C o lle g e P re s s
A s s o c ia tio n .
T h e n a m e A le s tle is
a n a c ro n y m d e riv e d
fro m th e n a m e s o f th e
th r e e c a m p u s lo c a tio n s
o f S IU E : A lto n , E a s t St.
L o u is a n d E d w a rd sv ille .
T h e A le s tle is p u b ­
lish e d o n T u e sd a y s a n d
T h u rs d a y s d u rin g fall
a n d sp rin g se m e s te rs ,
an d on W ednesdays d u r­
in g s u m m e r se m e ste rs.
F o r m o re in fo rm a tio n ,

call (6 1 8)692-3528.
News
E d ito r-D arry l H o w lett
A ssistant- D a n e tte W att
Photo
E d ito r- Vacant
A ssistant-V acant
Lifestyle
E ditor- M elissa Mills
A ssistant-V acant
Sports
E ditor-T odd Spann
A ssistant- V acant
Copy Editors
C hief-Shaw na T hom as
R ad h a Pasupuleti
Production Assistant
Vacant
Advertising Department
Sales M anager-M att
L arson
R en ee E ilet
Circulation
vacant
Student Secretaries
Trudy Trover
Editor in Chief
M elanie A dam s
T h e A le s tle
C a m p u s B o x 1167
E d w a rd s v ille IL , 620261167

Page

4

T h e

Traffic Accident
On June 6, 1996, at 5:17 p.m., officers
responded to the emergency roadway near Tower
Lake Apartment #416 in reference to an accident.
Kris Tucker-Lowe, age 27, of Edwardsville, stated
he was backing up on the inner roadway when he
backed over two bicycles. He stated that he did
not see the bikes when he was backing up. The
owner of the bicycles stated that her daughter left
the bicycles in the roadway. One bike was
repaired at the scene and the other was not
operate. There were no citations issued or injuries.
On June 16, 1996, at 10:09 a.m., officers
responded to parking lot 4D in reference to a
traffic accident. Tina Hilton, age 21, of
Edwardsville, stated she was traveling through the
parking lot when her vehicle was struck by
another vehicle driven by Steven Haskins, age 28,
of Edwardsville. There were no injuries, however
Mr. Haskins received a state citation for no proof
of insurance.

Ambulance Call
On June 18, 1996, at 11:28 a.m., police and
ambulance responded to a call on the north side
of Building III. A female student was walking on
the pedestrian roadway when she tripped over a
crack in the sidewalk an injured her ankle and
knee. The student was transported to Anderson
Hospital by Edwardsville Ambulance Service.
On June 19, 1996, at 3:24 p.m., police and
ambulance responded to a call to the Vadalabene
Center where a male injured his back when he
tried to hit a throw in a wrestling tournament. The
injured person was transported to Anderson
Hospital by Edwardsville Ambulance Service.

Theft Under
On June 18,1996, a staff member reported that
a wheelbarrow, two shovels, a sledge hammer and
a Johnson bar were stolen from the basement at
the East St. Louis Center. The tools were last seen
on June 7, 1996. The tools are valued at $225.
There are no suspects or witnesses.

Hit and Run
On June 16,1996, at 2:45 p.m., officers took a
walk-in report in reference to a traffic accident.
Brad Carson, age 23, of Fairview Heights,
reported someone struck his vehicle while it was
parked in parking lot #15. There was extensive
damage to the front end bumper area. Police are
continuing their investigation.

A l e s t l e

Wednesday, June 26. 1996

SIUE seeks clinic to be operated by School
of Dental Medicine at University Park
By Ty Norris
News Reporter
Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville
is seeking proposals for the developm ent and
construction of a building in University Park to
provide space for a dental im plant clinic to be
operated by the School of D ental M edicine
(SDM).
Patrick Ferrillo Jr., dean of the School of
D ental M edicine, stated th ere has been
“trem endous grow th” in the school’s im plant
program in the past th ree years. The
constructing and equipping of an im plant
facility would allow for continued grow th of
the existing program.
Ferrillo was responsible for spearheading
the initial program for the new facilities.
“SIU D M has a vision for the future and
through this program can be instrum ental in

the advancem ent of the profession of dentistry,
both regionally and nationally,” he stated.
“The approval to bid for a proposal has
been approved by the B oard of Trustees,” Dr.
A nn Boyle, associate dean of the School of
D en tal M edicine said. The proposal will
determ ine where the m oney will come from.
According to Boyle, the im plant clinic will
have th ree specific goals. It will provide
educational training in im plant dentistry. The
clinic will continually provide ongoing research
in efforts to provide further advancem ent in
the field of dentistry. Finally, the new clinic will
allow a b roader availability to patients.
The dean stated th at the University Park
location is being considered because it is
n earer the population center of the m etro-east
region and would be m ore accessible to predoctoral students, dental residents/fellows and
practitioners within the state and region.

Student senators voice concerns
at student government meeting
By Darryl Howlett
News Editor
O n Friday, various topics were discussed by
stu d en t governm ent at th eir bi-w eekly
meeting. O ne of m ajor concerns for the senate
continued to be the M CT busing system.
Student Body President C hristopher Nance
told the senate the latest news.
“A s I stated in my report, I m et with
M ichael Schultz, K en N eher and N arb eth
Em m anuel. The plan is to distribute a schedule
o f the bus service before July 1. A schedule and
letter will only go to Tower Lake. This is for the
sum m er schedule,” Nance said.
Nance also said that the fall schedule from
M CT would be distributed to Tower Lake,
Residence Hall and the SIU E hom e page on
the internet.
M any senators felt the schedule was
confusing, how ever Vice C hancellor for
Student Affairs N arbeth Em m anuel offered

suggestions.
“ I would like to find o u t ways in the
prom oting of the bus schedule, so it doesn’t
confuse everybody,” Em m anuel said.
T he only problem s left unresolved is
students’ com plaints about the upper 500-side
residents at Tower Lake apartm ents walking to
the Com mons to catch the bus.
In o th er topics discussed:
The university is still in search of som eone
for th e p o sition o f A ssistant Provost of
Diversity.
Also, Senator D em etre Pegues w anted the
U niversity C e n te r to look in to ways in
improving the lunch lines during the summer.
She stated th at with all the sum m er camps it
takes students up to 30 m inutes to stand in line.
She suggested a separate line just for SIU E
students.
U niversity C en ter director M ary Robinson
who attended the meeting, said that she would
look into a solution to the problem .

Enrollment ----------------------------------------------------------------from front page
“With the classes and workshops working all through the summer, we usually d on’t have
figures for this particular year until the 62 day,” D rem uk said.
Some university departm ents, such as the University C enter, track monthly accustom
accounts to determ ine users of the center during the summer. Assistant D irector of the
University C enter Lyle Ward com m ented on their process.
“O ur average during the sum m er is 45,000 to 50,000 people per m onth. We have seen an
increase beginning last year, this is probably due to m ore use o f the university’s summer
camps,” Ward said.
Ward also stated that figures for this summer will not be available until late summer.
Some students see a increase in sum m er enrollm ent from years past.
“Last year was my first year on campus for sum m er and I have seen an increase this year
from last year,” Dafney Jefferson, a senior majoring in accounting, said.
A nother student La Vonda M orehouse, who has attended sum m er school courses for three
years, also com m ented on an apparent increase in sum m er enrollm ent.
“It has increased. The classes are full, especially in the accounting departm ent. We have over
20 students in our auditing and advanced accounting class,” M orehouse said.
M orehouse also viewed the new sum m er graduation as a possible reason for increasing
numbers.
“Just being on campus, I can see an increase because we (students) can now graduate in the
summer. It also reduces the am ount of time students take to com plete their degree,”
M orehouse said.
Derrick Wright, a supervisor with the University Book Store, believes enrollm ent has also
increased due to recruitm ent of new students.
“I have seen m ore campus tours, P E A R groups, and m ore recruitm ent of students,” Wright
said.

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

T h e

A l e s t l e

Page

5

Suicid e________________________________________________________ _____________
from front page

Herndon still seeking
agreement with university
By Darryl Howlett
News Editor
With the M CT buses set to run on July 1, negotiations are
still in progress with bus driver James H erndon. H erndon, who
has been seeking a new job with the university while still
receiving the same pay as before, com m ented on the current
talks.
“Right now it’s kinda hard to say what actions we will take.
We’re still m eeting with the university. If an agreem ent is not
reached, w e’ll m eet with union lawyers and see what direction
we should take,” H erndon said.
The deadline for the university and H erndon to reach an
agreem ent is this coming Friday.
A nother bus driver, em ployee H elen H olbert is tentatively
scheduled to start work M onday at a new job. She will be a
micro-film technician working with printing for Supporting
Services.
H erndon also said he is frustrated that the university would
not allow him to take a test to obtain another job of equal pay.
“I tried to apply for the job of assembly state hand. I heard
that the university needed an assistant because the form er
assistant had just quit. The university w ouldn’t allow it,”
H erndon said.
Vice Chancellor of Student A dm inistration Ken N eher gave
his thoughts on the negotiations with the union representing
Herndon.
“The university has offered him (H erndon) a position and I
expect he will take it,” N eher said.
W hen asked about a possible lawsuit, if an agreem ent is not
reached by Friday, N eher replied:
“T here are no grounds for such a lawsuit. We (university)
don’t believe there are any grounds for that type of suit.”
H ern d o n still has som e concerns dealing w ith the
im plem entation of the new busing system.
“We leave on June 28, and nobody has seen the schedule.
They say one thing and on the other hand keep you in the blind,
tell you one thing and do another.
“We (union) asked the university for an extension of the
current bus services until the end of sum m er, August 2, but they
said no the contract has already been signed,” H erndon said.
Vice C hancellor N eher offered his feelings on the whole
issue of the union informing the student senate and students.
“Like I have stated at the student senate meetings, involving
the student senate, the process was inappropriate. The union
talks to m anagem ent not to the student senate,” N eher said.
H erndon and union representative will continue to m eet
with university officials up until the deadline.

Editor’s Note: Student Body president in cooperation with Vice
Chancellors Narbeth Emmanuel and Ken Neher as well as
Housing Director Michael Schultz have started sending M C T
bus schedules to Tower Lake residents.

In January, DuBois was arrested by University Police near the Mississippi R iver Festival site
on campus, where he had been firing an assault rifle, Smith said.
A t about 6 a.m. on M arch 31, two days after DuBois had been arrested at the Lovejoy
Library for violating a persona non grata order to stay off campus pending his trial on the
January charge, a num ber of assault rifle bullets sprayed the front door and windows of the
Tosovsky Center. Police said that DuBois was a suspect in the case, but they did not have
enough evidence at the time to make an arrest.
Smith added that DuBois was convicted of the weapons charge on May 13. H e was given a
conditional discharge and one year probation. Again on June 7, shots were fired on the
Tosovsky Center, this time involving the Credit U nion nearby. Damages to the buildings
resulted in $3,000. St. Louis Police are continuing their investigation into the situation.

Bikes on Parade

Photo By Donnette Watt/The Alesile

Children from the Early Childhood Center particpate in a bike parade Friday, June 21 in the
center's parking lot.

Cap fit Gown
Measurement
FOR AUGUST COMMENCEMENT
WILL BE HELD IN THE
UNIVERSITY CENTER
BOOKSTORE

H O T YOURATHER
WALKTHAN RIDE?
A brisk walk now could help you avoid a fast ride later.
Try it for 30 to 60 minutes, three or four times a week.
You can help prevent heart disease and stroke.
We can teU you how. Call 1-800-AHA-USA1.

American Heart A sso c ia tio n ^
VnipK»pH>*m * » & * * • * * * CUM. AnmlcinHw *nodmx\

JULY 5 & 6
10:00 A.M.
-

6 : 0 0 P M

m

AWAY FROM HOME

UNIVERSITY CENTER

T h e

Page 6

A l e s i l e

Chad Mahoney winner of third annual Bob
Hardy Scholarship in Broadcast Journalism

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

Letter, Madison County
Transit bus schedule out
to Tower Lake residents
By Darryl Howlett
News Editor

(UNS) Chad Mahoney (second from left), of Ashland and a mass communications/TV-Radio
major at Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, recently was named recipient of the third
annual Bob Hardy Scholarship in Broadcast Journalism. The award was presented by Sandra
Hardy Chinn (far left), daughter of the late Bob Hardy and Rita Hardy (next to Mahoney) at the
annual SIUE department of mass communications' "Alumni Evening." Others in the photo to the
left of Mrs. Hardy are: Mahoney's mother, Linda; Professor Peter Bukalski, then-acting chair of the
department; and Mahoney's father, Don. The scholarship is awarded annually to a junior pursuing
a degree in broadcast journalism, selected on the basis of grade point average and an original
essay on "Integrity in Broadcast Journalism." Mr. Hardy was a nationally known broadcast
journalist based at KMOX Radio in St. Louis at the time of his death in April 1993. The Hardy
Scholarship is administered by the SIUE Foundation. (Photo by Mass Communications Assistant
Professor Robert Murphy.)

R EC R EA TIO N

&v ti* Pod
Ju n e

27.

m

19%

O n Tuesday, June 25, Student Body President
C hristopher Nance along with the university and Student
G overnm ent released letters to residents of Tower Lake
A partm ents giving them the schedule for the upcoming
im plem entation of M CT buses.
Included in the letter is the explanation of some of the
im provem ents with the new busing system. A m ong these
are: all buses will be air-conditioned, the num ber of buses
each hour will be increased from two to five buses per hour
and all buses will be wheelchair equipped.
Nance gave his thoughts on the letters and bus schedule.
“W e’re presenting just the facts. This is an attem pt to
rem edy the com m unications gap between the
adm inistration and students,” Nance said.
Also included in the letter is the location of each Tower
Lake bus stop: building 516, lot 4F, shelter near building 411
and Tower Lake D rive near building 406. Buses will drop
off on the north side of the H airpin (Peck Building), but all
passengers must board at the bus stop on the south side of
the H airpin (R endlem an Building).
On the schedule specific times, codes and locations are
given. The sum m er schedule provided for students will run
from July 1 through August 3. A t that point in time MCT
and the university will provide students with a schedule for
the upcoming fall semester.
Nance and student governm ent also pointed out in the
letter to students that if any students have m ore questions
regarding bus service, they should ask any of the bus
drivers, the supervisors in the green and white vehicles
behind the buses o r a student senator.

Weekend AT..,
Kerasotes Theatres
COTTONWOOD CINEMA
$ 1 .7 5 J TWISTER 1:15,4:00,7:15,9:50

ALL SEATS

T H E R O CK

ALL SHOWS

STEREO

EASTGATE 6 Eastgate Center 254-5289

'B$3.00 1 THECABLEGUY

2:30, 5:15,7:45,7:30,10:00

Draqonheart 2:30,5:15,7:45,10:00
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 2:30,5:00,7:00,10:30
T H E N U T T Y P R O FF 12:00,2:15,4:30,6:45,9:15

Cam pus R ecreation

-

PG-13
PG
PG-13

*S n e a k Preview 6/29/96 Phenom enon at 7 :1 5 . no 7 :1 5 show ing of Hunchback

QUAD CINEMA

Pool Garths & Cool Prizes

PG-13

HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME 12:30,2:00,2:45,4:15,5:00,6:30,7:15,8:45,9:30 G

DDQ Jor one U c k
$ °d a

PG-13

1:00,4:00,7:00,10:00

HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME 12:00,2:15,4:30,6:45,9:00

6:00 - 8:00
D ra{, CMps A

656-6390

5700 N. Belt W est

1:00,4:00,7:00,9:50
$3jL-JTWISTER 2:00.5.00.*7:30.*10:00
ERASER 1:30.4:15.7:15.9:45

233-1220

I BEFO RE 6 pm f T H E RO CK

PG-13

HUNCHBACK OF N0TRF DAME 12:00.2:15.4:30.6:45.9:00

692-B

'S n e a k Preview 7/2/96 Independence D a y at 7:00 & 10:00 no 7:00 & 10:30
show ing of Tw ister________________________ ____________________

Kids9 Night Out
in th e p o o l
June 28, 1996
7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Enjoy the evening of fun and a children’s video show
for the kids in the Vadalabene Center
No Registration Necessary

a ll seats

$

1

THE RITZ

403 E. M ain, Belleville

T HE TR U TH ABO UT CATS & DOGS im K

7:15.9:45
A R R IV A L 6:45,9:10

PG-13

THE CRAFT
TH E

CINE’

400 Centralm A ve ., Roxanna

PG-13

254-6746
PG-13

NAMEOKI CINEMA Granite City

7:00.9:45
EDDIE 2:15,4:30,7;15,9:30
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE

Look us up on the NET at http://www.siue.edu/CREC • Campus Recreation Division of Student Affairs

233-3536

877-6630
PG
PG-13

entertainment
T h e

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

A l e s i l e

-

Page 7

"Oliver!" shines on SIUE stage
By Melissa Mills
Lifestyle Editor

"It's exciting and funny."

— Kyle Jobe, 10, of Glen Carbon.
“ I've seen it before and I like this version better."

— Josh Krieg, 10, of Glen Carbon.
N ot only are children and adults ap pearing in the SIUE Sum m er Showbiz
p roduction of "Oliver!," b u t even m ore children and adults are raving about the
show.
"It's lively. It's fun," Terry French of East A lton said. French brought his wife
and children to see the m usical at the C om m unications Building Theater this
past Sunday. French and his fam ily w ere just a,few of about 280 spectators w ho
attended Sunday's production of "Oliver!"
The m usical w as staged T hursday through Sunday. It will also be show n
T hursday th ro u g h S unday of this w eek, June 27 th ro u g h June 30. The show
starts at 7:30 p.m . Spectators w ho arrive at 7:00 p.m . can w atch an authentic
"Punch-N -Judy" p u p p e t sh o w in th e C om m u n icatio n s B uilding lobby.
C haracters in costum e will also be w alking around.
The "Oliver!" pro duction is a m usical retelling of the story, "Oliver Twist," by
C harles Dickens. A nd som e of the m ost p o p u lar B roadw ay songs ("Consider
Yourself," "As Long As H e N eeds Me," an d "Who Will Buy") are from the
m usical version by Lionel Bart.
The story of O liver is funny and charm ing. The audience follows Oliver
(Peter M erideth) through 19th century London. W ith each scene, actors
them selves change the scenery by turn in g around scaffolds and risers to
display new scenery on the other sides. The effect is a flow ing production.
A long w ith the scenery, expressive an d talented actors play ou t the story of

SIUE photo by Denise Macdonald

Lizzie Cody (center) and Erin W olf, both of Edwardsville and both high
school interns, watch as Jack A. Smith, assistant professor of theater and
dance, instructs them on how to handle antique puppets.

the orp h an ed Oliver. First O liver is dro p p ed off at an orphanage. From the
orphanage O liver is sold for five p o u n d s to Mr. Sow erberry the undertaker.
The orp h an ed O liver eventually escapes and m eets u p w ith the A rtful D odger
(M ark Motley) w ho leads him to Fagin (James H urley) and a band of
pickpockets and thieves.
"Oliver is doing a fine job," French said at interm ission.
And Peter M erideth, w ho plays Oliver, should be doing a good job. After all,
he's no new com er to the stage. A lthough Peter is only 13 now, he began
w orking in theater w hen he w as 9.
"It's just a lot of fun," Peter said. "It’s m y life."
,
The actors playing Fagin (James H urley) and the Artful D odger (Mark
Motley) are also no strangers to the stage. H urley is from San Diego w here he
p artic ip a te d in th e a te r p ro d u c tio n s. A nd the recent g ra d u a te from
E dw ardsville H igh School, Motley, has also starred in the All-State production

SIUE photo by Bill Brinson

Fagin, played by James Hurley of Alton, is shaking hands with Oliver, played
by Peter Merideth of South St. Louis. Next to them is the Artful Dodger, played
by Mark Motley of Edwardsville.

of "The M an of La M ancha."
Peter said he w as nervo u s w hen he first started ap p earin g on stage, b u t he's
decided now not to let it bother him . H e's decided n o w ju st to h ave fun w ith
it.
"It's m ore fun if you m ake it fun," he said.
A nd fun it was. "Sadie," "Venus" and "Esmeralda" (all p a rt of the production)
w altzed around the lobby d u rin g interm ission to a d d to the L ondon street
scene of solicitation and the not-so-rich life. Before and after interm ission, each
scene and song on stage w ere follow ed by roaring ap p lau se an d a standing
ovation at the end w hen O liver discovers he is no longer an orphan.
Director Peter Cocuzza, assistant professor in the d ep artm en t of theater and
dance, said th at he is h ap p y w ith the tu rn o u t and the show itself.
"I really do think that it's a good show," Cocuzza said. "So it w o u ld n 't
surprise m e if w e played to som e sold-out shows." .
The cast is m ade u p of 46 m em bers, both ad u lts and children. The children
are from the St. Louis and Southw est Illinois area. The ad u lts, non-professional
an d professional actors, are from the local area as well as aro u n d the country.
........ “'"ZZirznilM M ll
Em ily Ruff, 11, p lay s an
I o rp h a n
in
the
ch ild ren 's
I
' '
I ensem ble. She said she w asn't
nervous even th o u g h this w as her
first experience on stage.
"We w ere kind of nerv o u s on
the preview night, b u t the rest of
th e tim e w e w e ren 't really
nervous," Emily said.
O verall, the show w as quite
e n tertain in g . A lth o u g h French
said the beginning scene w as a
little slow, the rem ain d er of the
show m ore than m ade u p for it.
Just ask anyone w ho w as there.
Joey E delstein, 9, an d his
b rother D avid, 8, said they both
th o u g h t it w as very good. Joey
added: "I th o u g h t it w as aw esom e
an d very well planned."
Tickets for the show are still
available. Call the Fine Arts box
office at (618)692-2774 or toll-free
Melissa Mills/Alestle from St. Louis at (314)621-5168,
"Solicitors" of London streets (from left to exten sio n 2774. Tickets can be
right): Donna Parrone (Venus), C indy reserved the d a Y of the production.
Strieker (Sadie) and Sadie G aughan f l e e t s are $7 a n d $5 50 for
(P
,, .
students, SIUE faculty, staff and
' smerci a 'senior citizens.

Page 8

T h e

A l e s t l e

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

"Phenomenon" set to open on Wednesday July 1

• Touchstone Pictures. All rights reserved.
(Left) As a result of an extraordinary occurrence, George's (John Travolta) seemingly unremarkable life takes a wondrous turn.
(Right) John Travolta (left) stars as George Malley, and Robert Duvall (right) is Doc, in Touchstone Pictures' drama, "Phenomenon."

(Press Release)
Everybody in the small town of H arm on knows G eorge Malley (John
Travolta) as a nice guy, a good auto m echanic, and a dependable friend. But on
his 37th birthday G eorge begins to change.
As a result of an extraordinary occurrence, G eorge’s seemingly unrem arkable
life takes a mystifying and w ondrous turn. G eorge has a sudden insatiable
appetite for learning, and begins to com prehend the beauty and intelligence of
the universe. Suspicious about the new-found pow er of G eorge’s mind, and
apprehensive about the riddle he has become, G eorge’s lifelong friends begin to
turn away from him. B ut with the love and support of the cautious, yet caring,
Lace (Kyra Sedgwick), G eorge is able to see the larger picture of his place in the
scheme of things, and to trust the rem arkable path of his life, in Touchstone
Pictures’ dram a “Phenom enon.”
John Travolta says, “O ften, geniuses are looked at in a cold, calculating
m anner. "Phenom enon" looks at genius in a less cynical way. This is a new twist.

It explores the issue of o n e’s genius boosting the heart and mind and soul.
“G eorge is a guy who is never self-serving,” says Travolta. “H e’s always
looking for ways to help others. A t one point he is even willing to sacrifice his life
for the betterm ent of others, because he sees the bigger picture. H e loves in spite
of all reasons to hate, and h e’s generous in spite of all reasons not to be generous.
T hat’s probably the m ost touching thing about G eorge Malley. H e really thinks
about others first. G eorge is what I think everyone would like to be, I know I’d
like to be like him. I think h e’s a great friend to people and I think h e’s what
you’d want in an ideal world.”
The movie is directed by Jon Turteltaub. B uena Vista Pictures distributes.
The movie starring John Travolta, Kyra Sedgwick, Forest W hitaker and
R obert Duvall, is currently slated to open nationwide on Wednesday, July 3,
1996.

WSIE to air special series
University News Services
S IU E ’s public radio station will be broadcasting a special series from July 7 to August 4.
The series will study various aspects of musical art form. H ere is Sunday's schedule:
“M arian M cPartland’s Piano Jazz” airs at 10 a.m. M cPartland interviews jazz greats,
usually pianists, and they perform and talk about jazz. H e re’s the schedule: Trumpeter,
com poser and band leader M ercer Ellington on July 7, on the occasion of the 20th
anniversary of D uke Ellington’s death. Jay M cShann, one of the “fathers” of jazz piano, in a
Kansas City concert perform ance on July 14. Actress and singer A ndrea Marcovicci, who is
currently at the top of the New York cabaret scene, to sing and play “Danny Boy” and “Long
A go and Far Away” on July 21. Jazz pianist M arcus R oberts, who won the Thelonius Monk
Com petition in 1987 and has toured as a regular m em ber of Wynton M arsalis’ group, to
deliver a rendition of “Blue M onk” and “In Walked B ud” on July 28.
Jazz from Lincoln C enter at 11 a.m. — “The R evolution of Swing: Music of Louis
A rm strong’s Creole Jazz Band,” July 7; “N othin’ But the Blues,” July 14; “Milt Grayson:
D eep Velvet,’’July 21; “Kind of Blue,” featuring the music of Miles Davis, John Coltrane and
“C annonball” Adderley, July 28; and “Benny Carter: I ’m in the M ood for Swing” featuring
Joe Williams, Bobby Short and D ianne Reeves, August 4.
© Disney Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved

"Hunchback of Notre Dame"
Now showing at a theater near you.
Check listings for showtimes.

“Jazzset with Branford M arsalis” — 10 p.m. “Jazzset” presents the highlights of recent
jazz perform ances plus artist profiles and quotes. “Cassandra Wilson and A bbey Lincoln at
the National Black A rts Festival” on July 7; “David M urray and and A ndrew W hite at the
D C World Jazz Festival” on July 14; “The Best of the Telluride Jazz Celebration (Part 1)” on
July 21; “The Best of the Telluride Jazz C elebration (Part 2)” on July 28; and “The Milt
Jackson Q uartet at G ran t’s Tom b” on August 4.

T h e

Tuesday, June 26, 1996

A l e s i l e

Page

9

Our 31st year”

S ummer S pecial

$25
OFF

Appreciation of diversity
on campus to be priority

F irs t J u m p
C o u rse

Learn To Skydive
Archway Skydiving Centre
City Airport - Vandalia, IL 1-70 E - Exit 61

1-618-283-4978

*

1-800-283-JUMP

Expires 9-1-96
SIUE
Does not apply to group or tandem rates _
j

By Kristen Huigens

with each o th er and have the ability to speak

For The Alestle

about race-related topics and not feel guilty for

Mont-De-Claire
F a m ily H a ir C a re

their comments.
Diversity is a m ajor topic am ong university

P itts said th at he hopes this will help

1900 Troy R oad'
Edwardsville, IL 62025

and college campuses across the nation. SIU E

everyone have respect for other cultures and

( 618 ) 656-6694

is one such in stitu tion which has m ade

other individual beliefs as people will be aware

diversity im plem entation a priority for the

of how behaviors and attitudes are perceived.

Hair cuts 1/2 off

Currently, the university has no objective to

students and faculty.
“College should be like church,” said Paul

m ake diversity training and classes a required

Pitts, director of hum an relations. “C hurch is a

part of the curriculum. But Pitts said that he

place one can go and have a peaceful

would like to see the diversity classes being

experience. We should feel a lot b etter-b e

required in order to provide a person with a

wiser.”

well-rounded education.

Pitts heads the group of people working on

“A nd it should enhance a person’s ability to
P itts

is for the total university to

said

th at

he

hopes the diversity plan

be aw are of diversity.

will

The m odel for the

be

fully

im plem ented

plan was created by

M ay

m em bers of the

Goshen Golf

D riv in g
Range

of

by

Open 7 Days a Week

692-TEES
Off Goshen Road (Next to Moose Lodge)
Edwardsville

1997.

Presently, there

H u m a n
Relations

are

A d v i s o r y

ideas from the

Com mittee and

plan which are

the

com pleted

H um an

R elatio ns
Office.

Those

w orking

on

plans

Expires July 5

deal in the new world,” he added.

a diversity plan for SIUE. The plan

p roject

Nails by Wendy
11th manicure Free plus a Free gift

are

or

in

the

process

the

of

completion.

studied
from

several

S

o th er

I

U

E

adm inistration

schools and used ideas

also

from those schools to help

created

June 26

a

has
new

position to keep track of the

form at a plan for SIUE.

diversity progress in the university.

Pitts helped create the plan by adapting

The title for this new position is Assistant

plans from th e U niversity o f Texas, the

Provost for Social and C ultural Diversity. The

University of California at Los Angeles and

university currently has three candidates for

the University o f Wisconsin at M adison. These

th e position; the candidates are A frican-

plans had outlines and ideas to im plem ent

A m erican women. A ccording to Pitts, this new

diversity, Pitts explained, but he believed there

position will be filled by the end of June 1996.

was a need to have a tim e line for diversity

The new officeholder will be in charge o f the

com pletion,

different

educational aspect o f diversity as well as

departm ents to m onitor diversity and dollar

beginning a Diversity Advisory Com mittee,

am ounts assigned

which is hoped to be im plem ented within the

accountability
to

for

help com plete the

diversity im plem entation.

at D in in g S e rv ic e 's

HOT STUFF

Asian Cuisine w ill be served at Hot Stuff during lunch.
Hot Stuff is on the lower level o f the University Center.

HZZLERS
ite Tanning E xp erien ce
"Dash in - Dazzle out'

next year.

The plan lists steps tow ard prom oting the

Pitts said that he believes in the im portance

appreciation of diversity using the A C C O R D

o f education and the responsibility that comes

model. A C C O R D is an acronym for adm inister

with it. H e said that he rem em bers seeing

and assess; create curricula and centers of

R obert K ennedy going to H arlem in 1968 and

culture

and

seeing poverty and racism firsthand. Pitts said

program s;

that he rem em bers K ennedy also com m enting

Introductory Tan Offer

on the responsibility of people in his “class” to

$3.00

j
l

and

com m unicate;
recognize

caring;
o ffer

and

co o p erate

training

rew ard

diversity;

and

dem o n strate effective action to m eet the
dem and for equity.

im prove situations for others less fortunate.
Pitts said that people who attend college are

The overall goal for the diversity plan, Pitts

p art of an elite group in the sense that they are

S S .O O o t l’

said, is to enhance diversity on campus. Pitts

the ones fortunate enough to go to college. H e

any tan package

com m ented further by saying that the diversity

added that it is the responsibility of the elite to

Not for use with any other coupon

plan will also be used to lessen the tension

follow K ennedy’s idea and m ake things better

betw een races on campus so they can intp-ict

for those less fortunate.

All offers expire 7/1
Must present coupon with valid student
T h e O n t y F u lt Service Ta nning Facility In Edw ardsville

Featuring 15 Sundash Wolff Super Bed•
FO R TH E U LTIM ATE TANN ING EXPER IENCE

CALL 618-656-UTAN
601 C e n te r G ro v e R d . E d w a rd s ville , IL 62025

ID

sports
Page

10

T h e A l e s t l e

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

SIUE grad upsets No. 3 Agassi
Chang and Courier also go down for the U.S. in first round action of Wimbledon
WIMBLEDON, England (AP)

“I’ve played a lot of tennis in the past couple of m onths,” Flach said. “I think
A ndre Agassi insists he still enjoys tennis. His results and dem eanor say that probably was part of the reason why I won today— I was really match
tough.”
otherwise.
Agassi was one of four m en’s seeds elim inated on the opening day, joining No.
The tru th is, Agassi’s career is in a tailspin and he needs to do som ething fast
6 Michael Chang, No. 8 Jim C ourier and No. 15 A rnaud Boetsch. It’s the second
to reestablish himself.
A gassi’s m iserable year hit a low point M onday when he lost in the first round time in the O pen era that only four of the top eight seeds rem ain after the first
round.
at W im bledon to D oug Flach, a qualifier ranked 281 in
Pete Sampras, the three-tim e defending champion,
the world, in one of the biggest upsets of the O pen era.
recovered from a slow start to beat Richey R eneberg in
“A t som e stage you’ve got to put things in perspective
four sets. A lso advancing were No. 2 Boris Becker, No. 4
and say, you know, ‘O K , let’s just start working on getting
G oran Ivanisevic and No. 12 Stefan Edberg.
it better, getting my game better,’ ” the third-seeded
Seed/Rank- unseeded/281
Agassi unveiled a new W im bledon outfit Monday: a
Agassi said unconvincingly after the 2-6,7-6 (7-1), 6-4,7long-sleeved white shirt with a zipper front, hanging over
Loser- Andre Agassi, USA
6 (8-6) defeat.
knee-length baggy white shorts. But he never looked
Agassi could start by seriously preparing for G rand
Seed/Rank- 3/3
com fortable, sw eat p o uring o ff his w hite cap and
Slam tournam ents for a change. H e w rote off the claycoughing throughout the match, the result of a flu and
court season and prom ptly lost in the second round of
chest infection he picked up last week.
the French O pen to journeym an Chris Woodruff.
Winner- Alberto Costa, Spain
“I certainly haven’t been feeling great, but if I had just
Agassi didn’t play any grass-court events before
Seed/Rank- Unseeded/17
been
hitting the ball better, I think I could have pulled it
W im bledon, and it showed against Flach. It was only his
off,”
he
said.
LoserMichael
Chang,
USA
fifth m atch on any surface in the last three months.
Agassi
looked slow and dispirited for much of the
“I probably stayed away from playing for too long,
Seed/Rank- 6/6
match.
and th en the disappointm ent kept me from really
“I heard he was kind of lackluster but I really expected
attacking the needs of my game after the French,” Agassi
him
to come out today and be really focused and try to
said.
Winner- Jonathan Stark, USA
kill
me,”
Flach said. “So I was a little surprised that he
In 1992, Agassi came to W im bledon w ithout any grassSeedflRank- Unseeded/130
wasn’t
as
sharp as he usually is.”
court preparation and won the tournam ent. H e adm its
The fourth gam e of the fourth set featured one of the
LoserJim
Courier,
USA
that he probably can’t do that any more.
m ost spectacular points seen in years. Agassi flicked a
“You start getting older, your body starts feeling
sharply angled forehand on the crosscourt run. Flach
different after tough matches,” he said. “ I think a lot of
dived forward onto his belly and flipped the ball over
things change. That certainly can be one of them .”
and deep across the court from Agassi. Agassi darted back to hit a backhand,
Agassi’s lack of com m itm ent contrasted with all the hard work Flach has put
and Flach popped up and reached high for a desperate volley winner.
in. H e ’s played 10 events this year on the satellite circuit and he won three
“I think th at’s the first time I’ve ever dived for a ball on grass,” Flach said.
qualifying m atches to get into the W im bledon draw, coming from two sets down “That was a crazy point. A fter the point, I was like freaked out. I didn’t know
to beat A nders Jarryd in the final round of qualifying.
where I was for a m inute.”

Sportsline
Miscellaneous
Steve Howe arrested on gun possession charges in A irport
Form er New York Yankees pitcher Steve Howe was
arrested M onday at New Y ork’s John F. Kennedy
International A irport for possession of a gun.
The gun was first seen at the X-ray m achine and it was then
that authorities were notified.
A uthority officer Luviger C arter asked to inspect the bag
and arrested How e after finding the gun.

Basketball
Kidd tells Mavericks to trade Jackson or him self or he will sit
Jason Kidd, point guard of the Dallas Mavericks, told the
team owners over the w eekend that they m ust trade him or
backcourt p artner Jim Jackson before next season.
If they do not m ake any deals, Kidd is ready to sit out next
season, according to Fort W orth Star-Telegram.

Football
Judge denies Irvin m otion; Trial was to begin yesterday
Dallas Cowboys star wide receiver M ichael Irvin must
stand trial on drug charges. A judge ruled in rejecting several
m otions to have evidence suppressed and the indictm ent
thrown out.
Irvin’s trial was set to begin yesterday with jury selections.

Best Quote
“The only defense I have is that I’m sorry. But they were
biting. I went out there 10 m inutes and they caught me. But I
had 10 fish by that time,”
—D eion Sanders said to the Fort M eyers News Press after
bei ■>arrested for fishing just north of Fort M eyers airport on
privcie property.
Thi is the third time Sanders has been caught fishing on
these grc snds. •

File photo/A le s fle

Prairie State games ready to begin Friday and Saturday
Track and field is just one of the sports competing this weekend at the states largest
amateur sports festival. Approximately 6,000 athletes from all over Illinois will have the
chance to compete in more than 20 Olympic style sports. SIUE will play host to several of
the competing sports.

T h e

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

A l e s i l e

Page 11

mile
l r

JE L

>'x

%♦

A

____ ' i T
$ e o o
^ T I 9
New Patient Exam
Consultation
B.W. X-rays

Tim Pranger, D.M.D.
Quang Tran, D.M.D.
Rt. 159 & 162
Maryville, IL

288-6694
MUSIC
Moody Blues
The Budweiser Concert
Series proudly presents at
the Riverport Amphitheatre,
the Moody Blues, with World
Festival Orchestra, Sunday,
June 30 at 8 p.m.

The Office o f the Bursar will

The Dialtix Code for this per­
formance is RP0630.

be closed at 3:00 p.m., Friday,

Reserved seat tickets are
$35.50 and $30.50. Lawn
seats are $20.50.

June 28, 1996. The early closure
is n e e d e d to c o m p l e t e all

Stagger Inn...Again

University financial transactions

Stagger Inn...Again presents
the Leroy Pierson Band, a
Blues band, at 10 p.m.
Friday, June 28.

for the fiscal year 1996.

June 29, Stagger Inn...Again
presents Dr. Boots’ List also
performing at 10 p.m.
For more information about
bands or happenings, please
call the Stagger Inn at 6564221.

TH EA TER
Oklahoma!

The Department of Theater
and Dance presents
Oklahoma! at 7:30 p.m. July
David Perry
11 to 14 and 18 to 21 in the
The Summer Arts Chamber
Communications Building
Music Series will present a
Theater.
recital of music for violin and
piano with pianist Linda For ticket reservations, call
Perry.
692-2774.
Currently Artist-in-Residence
with the Pro Arte Quartet at
the University of Wisconsin Madison, David Perry also
serves as concertmaster of
Chicago’s Symphony II, coconcertmaster of Orpheus
Chamber Orchestra, and is a
member of the faculty of
Aspen Music Festival.

SPECIAL EVENTS

We apologize for any inconve­
nience and thank you for your
patience and understanding.

The Muny

Percy Crews II
The single most charismatic
and popular St.Louis comic
working America, Percy Crews
II, is staging a return to Laugh
Tracks in Union Station .
He will be "in the house" Friday
July 5 to Saturday July 6.
Showtimes are at 8 p.m. and
10:30 p.m. each night.

Tickets are $8 and may be
The Muny in Forrest Park
reserved by calling 241-3435,
invites you and your guests to
or by calling TICKETS NOW at
“ Meet Me at the Muny" June
241-5828.
24 to 30 for the super musical
Jesus Christ SuperStar. The
fun begins at 8 p.m. every
Bible Study
evening.
The Schurtleff Baptist ministry
will hold a Bible study in the
Religious Center Tuesday July 2
at 6 p.m. for all students who
would like to attend.

gUMMER SHOWBIZ

O

h

! W

h a t a b e a u t if u l s e a s o n .

Music, Lyrics, and Book by Lionel Bart
June 20-23, 27-30 at 7:30 p.m.
Ticket Prices
General Admission $7,
Seniors/Students/SIUE Faculty/Staff $5.50
Group rates available

Literature
The
Children’s
Literature
Institute proudly presents poet
Barbara Esbensen July 3 from
8:30 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. The loca­
tion is to be announced.
For information on the location
of the poet’s recitation or gener­
al information on the series or
institute, please call Dianne
Koehnecke at 692-3432.

All Performances in the
C o m m u n ic a t io n s Bu il d in g T h e a t e r

iS IU E ) S o u th e r n I llin o is U n iv e r s ity a t E d w a r d s v ille

For reservations c a l l 6 1 8 / 6 9 2 - 2 7 7 4

classifieds
Page 1 2

T h e A l

SERVICES
LAURA ANDREWS attorney, free con­
sultation. Divorce, adoption, child
support. 4 5 2-7960. 7 /3 /9 6

e s t

l

Hundreds & Thousands of grants &
scholarships available to a l students.

Immediate Qualification.
No repayments EVER.

Call 1-800-585-8-AID
13years tip trittci

S c u lp tu r e d / fa / is &

ftta m u re g

2 0 % Off
Full set of Nails
(618) 656-3987
2808 Hwy 159 South
Glen Carbon, IL 62034
COMPUTER TRAINING. W indows,
W ord, Excel, WordPerfect, Lotus,
more! W ise O w l Computer Training
Center, 6 9 2-0807. 6 /2 6 /9 6
N O COMPUTER? build your own!
W ise O w l Computer Training Center,
6 100 Center Grove, 692-0807.
6 /2 6 /9 6

COMPUTER RENTALS. Use our com­
puters and printer. Assistance avail­
able, 6 9 2-0807. 6 /2 6 /9 6
TYPING, FAST, spellchecked, Caseyville area, 3 4 4-2272. Internet re­
search available 345-1957. 7 /2 4 /9 6
W IN D O W TINTING. A dd class to
your glass. Auto, commercial, home.
10 years experience. Call Ron at
(6 1 8 )2 5 4 -1 7 6 0 . 7 /1 0 /9 6

Wednesday, June 26, 1996

Placing a classified ad

REAL ESTATE FOR RENT

1987 SUBARU GL wagon mechanic's
dream. $ 1 2 00 .0 0 1986Buick
Skyhawk needs clutch runs good.
$1200.00. Call Paula 659-4042.

___
C o tto n w o o d V illa g e I I I

8 /2 0 /9 6

A p a rtm e n ts

M O N E Y FOR
COLLEGE

e

COUCH, RECLINER, chair, ottoman,
$175. Coach and loveseat, $100.
667-7990. 7 /3 /9 6

1 Bedroom
Efficiency Apts.
$ 2 7 5 d e p o s it

COUCH A N D loveseat. Clean and
comfortable. Perfect for students.
Call Dave o r Laura, 345-8994.

Deadlines

$ 2 2 5 /m o . re n t
includes trash pickup, water, and sewage

7 /1 7 /9 6

Wednesday Publication: Noon Monday

U n d er N e w M a n a g e m e n t

FANTASTIC 4BR, 2BA all brick home
in a Kendall Hill Subdivision near
SIUE. 1800 sq. ft. 2 car garage,
deck, finished basement. $975 dis­
count rent, references and deposit
required. Call 288-5286. 7 /1 0 /9 6

BIRKENSTOCK SANDALS and shoes
discounted 10%. 23 styles in stock.
Repair center-w e special order. M ail
order service available. (3 1 4 )9 2 6 3825. 6 /2 6 /9 6
GUITARS, SAXOPHONES and trum­
pets. All kinds o f musical instruments
and electronics. Microphones,mic
stands, and microwaves. Mid-City
Pawn 14th and West M ain in
Belleville. 234-7296. 6 /2 6 /9 6

Alesile
‘T’V & a t a
fo

USED BOOKS at bargain prices.
G ood Buy Bookshop, Lovejoy Library
Room 0 0 1 2, Wednesday, 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. Sponsored by the Friends of
Lovejoy Library. 7 /2 4 /9 6

ROOMMATES WANTED
TEN MINUTES from SIUE. Preferably
female. $ 150 plus utilities. Erin 6921621. 6 /2 6 /9 6

69 2-3528

c v tz tf
American Heart
Association,
Fighttng Heart O m u >

JfeAáá^d Mini Van or
Stretch Mini Van

\\\^ &

V

Research gave
him a future

Every Wednesday IHite

$1 Bottles
250 Drafts
C o m in g S o o n . . .

2 ROOMATES wanted to share apart­
ment in Glen Carbon. $160 monthly
+ 1 /3 utilities. W asher/dryer includ­
ed. Immediate occupancy. Call
(6 1 8 )2 8 8 -9 5 4 4 . 7 /1 0 /9 6
N O N -SM O KIN G FEMALE. Share 2
bedroom apt. Glen Carbon. $200
monthly plus 1 /2 utilities, includes
w asher/dryer, etc. Begin 6 /1 5 till
August o r longer. 288-1671. 6 /2 6 /9 6

Adjustments
Please read your ad on the first day it appears. If
you cannot find your ad or discover an error in
your ad, call 692-3528 or come into the office.
Positively no allowance made for errors after the
first insertion of advertisement. N o allowance of
correction will be made without a receipt.
Placing Ads To place a classified ad, come to the
Office of Student Publications, located in the UC,
Rm 2022, and fill out a classifieds form.

y e t a o u & tf,...

■ifii

BfP

Monday thru Friday: 8am - 4:30pm

All classifieds and personal must be paid
for before publication.

Office Hours

2 8 8 -3 6 7 4

FOR SALE: '91 G rand Am SE, quad
four, good condition, loaded. Call
after 6pm, 6 5 6-5485. 6 /2 6 /9 6
STYX/KANSAS concert tickets. July
27. Call 235-0102. 7 /3 /9 6

Rates

1 run: $.80 per line
(2 line minimum)
3 runs: $.75 per line
5 runs: $.70 per line
20 runs: $.65 per line
Personals: $.25
for bXng purposes, five (5) words equal o e fine)

W EEKLY
P rices Starting at...

$

259 !

NEW 1996 4 DOOR
• seats 7•bench S captain chairs available
• rear seat make a belt •plus lots ot extras

J T s S p o rts B ar
In the Quality Inn
just follow 157 into Collinsville

CASSENS RENTAL
Downtown^Ëdwardsville

656-6070

Research
©1995, American Heart Association

HELP WANTED
SPORT/EVENT marketing company
'eeks part-time help. Must be reliable
& energetic. G ain experience in P.R.,
marketing, sports admin. Some phys­
ical labor. Edwardsville Co. Call
6 1 8 /6 5 9 -0 2 6 2 . 6 /2 6 /9 6
WEB PAGE sales consultant needed.
Ideal candidate w ill have:
Professional presence, advertising
experience, some fam iliarity with the
Internet, excellent communication
skills, sense o f design, go gett'em atti­
tude. Full Time. Salary plus commis­
sion. Part time position also avail­
able. Fax resume to: Caya Aufiero,
6 1 8 -6 5 6 -7 6 1 8 , or mail to : Caya
Aufiero, Edwqardsville Publishing 1 17
N Second St, Edwardsville, IL 62025.

TH E LO O SE

A it
ITS

y

7 /3 /9 6

ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS for
teachers with at least 6 semesters in
early childhood education. M orning
and afternoon positions. A p p ly in
person, TOTS Child Development
Center, 5 1 0 G arfield, Edwardsville.
7 /2 4 /9 6

RECEPTIONIST/SECRETARY full-time
for local retail business. Qualifications
include business skills, good math
ability, outgoing personality, depend­
ability. Pay negotiable. Hours M-F,
9-5 during summer, with flexibility for
full/part-tim e hours in fall and spring.
6 56 -4 9 6 8 10-3, M-F for application
and interview. 6 /2 6 /9 6

ITEMS FOR SALE
AMERICAN TRANS A ir ticket one
w ay to O rlando good until July 24.
$ 1 5 0 call 4 6 5 -5 7 0 2 . 6 /2 6 /9 «

FIND THE TWO STICK MEN IN THIS BOX THAT ARE IDENTICAL.

k

*w f *

Nfor MUCH

FV «
to
s e e h°v>/
Low e. y o u c a n i H o l d
Yo u r b r e a t h , w h e n
’ YO U C o h T T H A V E T O
B M A T H £ uJ TH E .
F i r s t p ia c e ...

